pittsburgh named one of the most livable cities in the world - cbs pittsburgh latest u.s. world politics entertainment healthwatch moneywatch crime space sports brand studio local news baltimore bay area boston chicago colorado detroit los angeles miami minnesota new york philadelphia pittsburgh sacramento texas live cbs news 24/7 baltimore bay area boston chicago colorado detroit los angeles miami minnesota new york philadelphia pittsburgh sacramento texas 48 hours 60 minutes shows 48 hours 60 minutes america decides cbs evening news cbs mornings cbs morning news cbs reports cbs saturday morning the daily report the dish eye on america face the nation here comes the sun sunday morning the takeout the uplift cbs news investigates cbs news confirmed cbs village podcasts newsletters download our app cbs news team executive team brand studio paramount+ join our talent community rss feeds davos interviews a moment with... innovators & disruptors economy 4.0 pittsburgh | news all news kdka investigations politics consumer business healthwatch entertainment galleries kdka+ weather pittsburgh weather school closings/delays submit weather photos weather watchers out for a walk forecast hey ray classroom weather sports latest cbs sports hq steelers penguins pirates pitt riverhounds high schools nightly sports call inside the huddle fan n'ation #1 cochran sports showdown odds video kdka shows pittsburgh today live talk pittsburgh intersections kd quiz nightly sports call #1 cochran sports showdown seen on kdka kd quiz intersections kdka in your neighborhood sunday spotlight meet the team contact us contests & promotions advertise download the app watch cbs news local news pittsburgh named one of the most livable cities in the world july 31, 2015 / 3:03 pm edt / cbs pittsburgh pittsburgh (kdka) – pittsburgh is often touted as one of the best cities in the us to live in. but now it's getting recognition globally as one of the most livable cities in the world. metropolis magazine has pittsburgh ranked among cities like toronto, copenhagen, hong kong and melbourne. indianapolis was the other us city to be mentioned. each city on the list was picked for a different reason, with pittsburgh getting recognition for its preservation. "pittsburgh, like so many other rust belt cities, faced huge hurdles with the decline of its steel industry. but it is overcoming many of these challenges thanks, in great part, to its preservation movements, neighborhood renewal projects, and active communities," writes metropolis. toronto landed the top spot as the most livable city with its flood of new housing, huge job growth and public programs. join the conversation on the kdka facebook page stay up to date, follow kdka on twitter more from cbs news the pittsburgh home and garden show brings in visitors to downtown kdka fish fry guide 2025 mayor gainey, da zappala spar after gainey allegedly calls zappala 'racist' uniontown-meadville basketball game ends due to an altercation pittsburgh using sharpshooters to reduce deer overpopulation in parks © 2015 cbs broadcasting inc. all rights reserved. featured local savings more from cbs news the pittsburgh home and garden show brings in visitors to downtown kdka fish fry guide 2025 mayor gainey, da zappala spar after gainey allegedly calls zappala 'racist' uniontown-meadville basketball game ends due to an altercation ©2025 cbs broadcasting inc. all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy california notice do not sell my personal information contact kdka news sports weather program guide sitemap about us advertise cbs television jobs public file for kdka-tv public file for wpkd-tv / kdka+ public inspection file help fcc applications eeo report facebook twitter instagram youtube view cbs news in cbs news app open chrome safari continue be the first to know get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. not now turn on