pittsburgh: the home of zombies | george a. romero's legacy lives on | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home a zombie review and some science, too! how pittsburgh became the home of zombies through legendary filmmaker george a. romero with the recent assurance that pittsburgh is one of the best cities for surviving a zombie apocalypse , this is a great time to review the folklore and filmmaking around the undead to keep us safe through another spooky season. more than 50 years ago, film director and carnegie mellon university graduate george a. romero released a movie that would become a horror classic of independent filmmaking, 1968’s night of the living dead . let’s take a minute (or a much slower-moving zombie minute) to remember the inspiration and impact of romero’s creature features, along with how his work is still being celebrated today. eduardo montes-bradley, cc by-sa 4.0, via wikimedia commons zombies' real life inspiration while romero may have brought the undead and their insatiable appetite for brains to the forefront of the second half of the 20th century, the storytelling appeal of the undead began much earlier in history, highlighted by an intriguing discovery in 2015. an archaeologist from the university of pittsburgh, carrie sulosky weaver, studied two sets of human remains that were discovered in the remnants of a 2,000-year-old greek village in sicily called passo marinaro. livescience and weaver note that, “the ancient greeks believed, ‘to prevent them from departing their graves, revenants must be sufficiently 'killed,' which [was] usually achieved by incineration or dismemberment. alternatively, revenants could be trapped in their graves by being tied, staked, flipped onto their stomachs, buried exceptionally deep or pinned with rocks or other heavy objects." the university of pittsburgh has also fully embraced the fictional side (we hope) of zombie history with its comprehensive guide to romero’s work, found online and in-person at their george a. romero archival collection on campus. zombies shamble into horror films two millennia later, with the advent of film, tales of the undead would reach a worldwide audience. beginning with short silent films, such as 1896’s the house of the devil , often considered the first horror film, 1910’s frankenstein , and the 1922 full-length nosferatu , horror films would establish a profitable audience market. interestingly, it took some time for what is often recognized as the first zombie film to make its debut with 1932’s white zombie . it wasn’t until romero’s night of the living dead, made on a shoestring budget, that a definitive zombie legacy was created. the pittsburgh connection often acknowledged as a famous pittsburgher, romero was actually born and raised in the bronx, new york. after graduating from carnegie mellon in 1960, he started work in film and television, even working on a show that may be considered the antithesis of his famous work, mister rogers’ neighborhood . despite working with one of the ‘nicest guys in the business,’ his personal work was often dark in content. with the release of night of the living dead , followed by 1978’s dawn of the dead and 1985’s day of the dead , he’s delivered a different legacy than our guy fred rogers. romero’s movies became one of the most profitable franchises in film history. and even though he didn’t set out to make an intentional zombie movie—no character utters the word ‘zombie’ in the original—romero adopted the term for his future films, after referring to the creatures as only ‘ghouls’ in the first film. his work with make-up and special effects master and pittsburgh native tom savini, who worked with romero on the latter two dead films, would continue throughout his career. view this post on instagram a post shared by the george a. romero foundation (@thegarfofficial) the zombie legacy continues today, much of romero’s work is celebrated as inspiring a new generation of horror filmmakers, and he remains a beloved figure in pittsburgh pop-culture. most recently, the carnegie science center's popular miniature railroad has given a nod to his work. the science center worked with the evans city historical society to create a near-exact replica of the church and cemetery located in evans city, pa, where much of night of the living dead was shot. it may be a small tribute, literally, but figuratively reflects the continued celebration of romero’s massive legacy as an honorary pittsburgher in film history. view this post on instagram a post shared by carnegie science center (@carnegiescictr) pittsburgh celebrates romero's legacy in a number of ways, including showings of his films at arthouse cinemas all the way up to towering screens at the carnegie science center. check schedules around september and october each year for the current showings. and, if imax-sized zombies still doesn’t satiate your need for nightmare fuel, take a day adventure to the monroeville mall where the second movie was filmed and check out the the living dead museum , featuring interactive experiences, memorabilia and even a bronze bust of the filmmaker. this mall is also the location of the annual the living dead weekend from june 6-8, 2025, celebrating romero's films with celebrity appearances, film site tours and cosplay—providing a truly immersive experience in your never ending search for more ‘braaains!’ just remember to stay quiet, move fast, and aim for the head. zombies are pretty slow…most of the time! related blogs haunted pittsburgh learn more halloween pop-ups, bars, restaurants and 24 ⁄ 7 spooky vibes learn more occult, metaphysical & tarot shops for your witchy self learn more 13 obscure & unusual pittsburgh stops learn more pittsburgh fall food and drinks learn more six degrees of pittsburgh movies learn more insider’s guide to pittsburgh movie theaters learn more filmed in pittsburgh | recent releases and upcoming projects learn more film festivals learn more author eric r. visitor engagement manager eric is the visitor engagement manager with visit pittsburgh. aside from an extensive career of helping people 'have a good time' in pittsburgh and los angeles, he also loves chatting about classic films, classic cars, being a thrift store connoisseur, and learning about your dog's weirdest obsessions. related content: save carnegie mellon university welcome center 5000 forbes ave. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15213 details open in google maps map carnegie mellon university welcome center carnegie mellon university welcome center 5000 forbes ave. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15213 (412) 268-2082 details website save carnegie science center one allegheny ave. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15212 details open in google maps map carnegie science center carnegie science center one allegheny ave. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15212 (412) 237-3400 details website plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map