give | carnegie mellon university's heinz college star twitter facebook envelope linkedin instagram youtube logo alert-red alert home left-quote chevron hamburger minus plus search triangle x jump to header jump to main content jump to sidebar jump to footer search cmu heinz search search cmu heinz search about school of information systems & management school of public policy & management college of fine arts joint degree programs diversity & inclusion heinz college policy impact heinz college in washington d.c. artificial intelligence leadership trillion dollar questions public interest technology history rankings contact us programs admissions faculty & research faculty experts our faculty in the news research centers life at heinz college employers & corporate partners alumni current students give apply about school of information systems & management school of public policy & management college of fine arts joint degree programs diversity & inclusion heinz college policy impact heinz college in washington d.c. artificial intelligence leadership trillion dollar questions public interest technology history rankings contact us programs admissions faculty & research faculty experts our faculty in the news research centers life at heinz college your gift matters when you give to heinz, you shape the future. home give give to be a force for good the next generation of leaders must understand the interplay between technology and society. those relationships define our time, and will continue to shape the future of humanity. at this crossroads of dramatic technological disruption, we have made it our mission to be a force for good. help us educate leaders for "intelligent action." give now your impact transform the lives of students. they'll transform the world. make an impact giving opportunities explore ways to support heinz college. learn more dean's circle your generosity ensures excellence. donor recognition connect with heinz we're here to help. let's talk. meet our staff give your impact giving opportunities ways to give connect with heinz dean's circle corporation and foundation support apply visit info give media legal info contact us accessibility directory 5000 forbes ave, hamburg hall, pittsburgh, pa 15213-3890 · 412.268.2159 ©2020 carnegie mellon university. all rights reserved.