make possible | the campaign for carnegie mellon university skip to main content carnegie mellon university logo home page home explore, support & connect menu close make possible logo what do you want to make possible? accelerate technology & humanity fuel arts & creative inquiry transform foundational science foster a stronger cmu experience explore college & library priorities college of engineering college of fine arts dietrich college heinz college of information systems and public policy mellon college of science school of computer science tepper school of business university libraries university-wide projects scholarships & fellowships student support & initiatives faculty support & development student research & discovery teaching & learning neuroscience institute health & wellness athletics support give now ways to give your impact making possible: impact stories leadership contact us connect news & stories from the president campaign publications and media site map give now carnegie mellon university logo make possible short logo explore, support & connect menu together, what will we make possible at carnegie mellon? scroll for more together, what will we make possible at carnegie mellon? technology & humanity accelerate advances in technology that enhance the human condition. learn more arts & creativity fuel artistic expression and creative inquiry to shape modern culture. learn more foundational science achieve breakthroughs in discovery by transforming how scientific inquiry is pursued. learn more cmu experience cultivate a dynamic experience that enables our students to thrive throughout their lives. learn more a new era of what’s possible since our founding, carnegie mellon university and our people have envisioned and seized opportunities before anyone else. we’ve been unafraid to make the bold choices that revolutionize industries and change lives for the better. today, society stands at a new frontier of what’s possible. and it begins at carnegie mellon. what do you want to make possible? make possible view the video discover the possibilities view all stories cmu experience highmark center to welcome campus community as destination for well-being the highmark center for health, wellness and athletics is now open, welcoming students, faculty and staff to the many spaces that comprise the 160,000 square foot building.... read more technology & humanity carnegie mellon achieves robotics innovation center construction milestone cmu has reached a significant construction milestone for its forthcoming robotics innovation center (ric) and marked it with a traditional topping-off ceremony on july 19.... read more future of science carnegie mellon breaks ground for richard king mellon hall of sciences cmu has broken ground for construction of its richard king mellon hall of sciences, a 338,900 square-foot building for education, research, art and creativity.... read more creativity & artistic expression gift will expand public art at carnegie mellon inspired by their lifelong passion for art, cmu alumni cindy and tod johnson have committed $10 million to support public art on the university’s pittsburgh campus.... read more future of science carnegie mellon unveils design for new richard king mellon hall of sciences carnegie mellon university has unveiled the striking design of its new 338,900 square-foot richard king mellon hall of sciences.... read more future of science carnegie mellon trustee ray lane and stephanie lane invest $25 million in cmu's computational biology department the gift will establish an endowment to support the program’s strategic priorities and provide the funding for its future home in the new richard king mellon hall of sciences.... read more mellon college of science $11m bequest will advance interdisciplinary science at carnegie mellon university the gift will provide the mellon college of science (mcs) with significant resources as it creates the future of science through interdisciplinary collaborations.... read more campaign news carnegie mellon surpasses initial goal with over $2b in support for ongoing campaign cmu announced that it had surpassed its initial financial goal of $2 billion for its ongoing fundraising campaign — a significant milestone more than 18 months ahead of schedule.... read more campaign news cmu rales fellows program launches at campus-wide celebration at a campus-wide event, cmu launched its $150-million partnership with the norman and ruth rales foundation to broaden access to stem graduate education.... read more campaign news cmu and mastercard partner to drive youth-led digital transformation in africa 10,000 young people across africa will benefit from the $275.7 million partnership, which will expand the engineering and technology, research, and entrepreneurship programs.... read more your impact see what we’ve made possible make possible: the campaign for carnegie mellon university is making a difference on our campus, in our community and around the world. explore what we’ve accomplished to date and join us to make even more possible tomorrow. learn more a message from the president farnam jahanian carnegie mellon has always responded to society’s greatest challenges with a trademark fearlessness. here, we have gathered the most intelligent, inventive and collaborative researchers, educators and creators on the planet. our students, faculty, staff and alumni are relentless in their pursuit of what’s next for humanity. read more make it possible contact us make possible the campaign for carnegie mellon university 412-268-8325 makepossible@cmu.edu together we can make anything possible. give now visit the campaign site what do you want to make possible? give now visit the campaign site what do you want to make possible? explore what's possible university advancement 5000 forbes avepittsburgh, pa 15213 makepossible@cmu.edu contact us legal info | www.cmu.edu © 2025 carnegie mellon university facebook twitter linkedin youtube instagram