opera mythbusting | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more opera mythbusting about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec your opera journey begins today! intimidated by opera? don't be! let's debunk some common opera myths together! if you’ve never been to the opera before, you may have some misconceptions. don't worry, you're not alone! so let's shake off your preconceptions and learn what going to the opera is really like... myth: i'll have to wear a tuxedo or a fancy ball gown come as you are or glam it up! on weeknights people often show up in what they wore to the office that day, and on fridays and sundays, we see everything from dressy to jeans. on saturdays – opening nights – some like to wear a suit or step out in a special dress. but just wear whatever makes you feel comfortable! everyone in this photo is dressed perfectly for the opera! (photo credit: david bachman) myth: but it's sooooo expensive! tickets to pittsburgh opera's mainstage shows at the benedum and byham start at only $15... children and teens can even get in at half that price. that's less than a movie ticket and some popcorn! there are even discounts for groups of 6+ , students , 20-something tuesdays and more. myth: i won't understand what they are saying english texts are always projected above the stage, just like subtitles at the movies. while many operas are in italian, german, or french, there are many in english too. you'll understand every word! myth: opera is boring! do you think sword fights are boring? what about dancing, poisonings, secret plots, epic romances, or twist endings? operas have these in spades! that's why the term "operatic" has come to mean "dramatic to the nth degree." these two will slice your notions of "boring" to threads! (photo credit: david bachman) myth: operas are too long operas come in all shapes and sizes! the shortest opera we know of is 13 minutes long, and the longest one takes 7 days! you can find the running time for each opera we present on its main website page, under "details and resources." many operas are the same length as any musical or play, with an intermission or two along the way. myth: all opera sounds the same just like music has changed a lot in the last 400 years, opera has too! while almost all operas make use of "classical voice technique," which give operas their signature vocal style, the musical style can vary from baroque to even hip hop! we shall not be moved lays down fresh beats (video credit: rlg creations) some playful 18th century coluratura from semele (video credit: rlg creations) some rousing 19th century bravado from carmen (video credit: rlg creations) a jazzy number from charlie parker's yardbird (video credit: rlg creations) myth: you have to have a phd to understand what's going on you don’t need to study before you go to the opera any more than you have to study before you go to a movie! opera is a performing art meant to be enjoyed as is. for people who want to familiarize themselves with the plot in advance, there is a synopsis on the opera’s webpage and program books. and if you want to nerd out you can go to the pre opera talk , meet the artists , or pick up a study guide at our education table. but you don’t need to do any of those to enjoy the show and understand what’s happening! myth: operas are always depressing not so! there are many comic operas, operas for children, and heartwarming love stories too. while there are operas that will truly break your heart or scare you to your core, opera plays with every human emotion, especially the good ones! who doesn't love a happy ending? (photo credit: david bachman) 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera