pittsburgh opera: mission and history | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more mission & history about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec our mission pittsburgh opera enriches pittsburgh and the tri-state area and draws national and international attention to the region by: creating live opera at the highest standards of artistic excellence making opera accessible to a diverse audience developing young singers into tomorrow’s artists ensuring the future through responsible fiscal management the current leader of pittsburgh opera is christopher hahn , who became artistic director in 2000 and general director in 2008. during his tenure he has considerably expanded the company’s repertoire to include baroque and many contemporary works, and he has vigorously upheld pittsburgh opera’s high standards of management and artistic excellence. he has expanded the resident artist program to include two annual productions, both of which are offered as part of the full subscription series. he led the move to bitz opera factory in the historic george westinghouse air brake factory at 2425 liberty avenue, in pittsburgh’s strip district, and developed a range of audience and community programs that take place there. pittsburgh opera's current music director, antony walker , was appointed in 2005 and has brought an engaged and highly informed leadership to the company’s musical forces as well as developing a music staff of note. download the pittsburgh opera fact sheet here. our beginnings founded in 1939 by five intrepid women who belonged to pittsburgh’s tuesday musical club (pianist virginia c. byerly ; contralto carolyn hunt mahaffey ; priscilla w. collins ; ruby n. wickersham ; and marie m. pease ), these founding five established the pittsburgh opera society, which would become the seventh-oldest opera company in the united states. the first production, in march 1940 at carnegie music hall, was the tales of hoffmann , with mahaffey as nicklausse. the company’s first conductor, richard karp of vienna, led pittsburgh opera for nearly 40 years and oversaw the company’s move to heinz hall in 1971. in 1983, tito capobianco , a stage director and prominent figure at new york city opera, became pittsburgh opera’s general director. capobianco molded the opera into an influential national company and a steward of cultural life in pittsburgh. under his direction, the opera established its own orchestra, pioneered the use of supertitles, formed the resident artists program and dramatically increased the region's audience for opera. mark weinstein’s appointment as general director in 1997 marked another milestone in the company’s growth. weinstein, pursued rigorous financial management and long-range strategic planning. he increased the company’s assets threefold and cemented the opera’s reputation as a leader in financial management in the region. weinstein initiated the artistic excellence project, and raised major funds which led to the appointment of christopher hahn as artistic director in 2000 and john mauceri as music director in 2001. our new home in 2008 pittsburgh opera moved to its current and permanent home in the strip district , finally achieving the space to house the resources needed to better prepare for performances at the benedum, while opening new ways for the community to experience all the artistry that is part of opera. in an effort to maintain the company’s mission to enrich pittsburgh and the tri-state area, the opera has committed to the use of sustainable methods in the renovation and maintenance of the bitz opera factory, obtaining a leadership in energy and environmental design (leed) operations and maintenance silver certification in june 2011. in addition to its mainstage productions, pittsburgh opera produces a range of programs to engage and enrich the community, with more than 15,000 students, families and educators participating in its educational events annually. the internationally-renowned pittsburgh opera resident artist program is among the country’s top five training centers for rising opera stars and the newly designed administrative and rehearsal space provides for events ranging from free community song shop concerts to concert recitals by world-class opera singers. pittsburgh opera’s long-standing commitment to artistic excellence, responsible fiscal management and good neighborship will continue to prove a valuable asset to the city of pittsburgh and the surrounding region for years to come. 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera