madama butterfly | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more madama butterfly about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec madama butterfly music by giacomo puccini libretto by luigi illica and giuseppe giacosa • march 22, 25, 28, 30, 2025 buy tickets his escape is her cage. in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. pinkerton puts on a vr headset and transports us into a vibrant virtual reality playground where he has ultimate control. as his avatar, a u.s. navy lieutenant, he can seduce and marry his fantasy girl and abandon her just as easily. but to cio-cio san, this is no game and the love and betrayal she feels is all too real. enveloped in puccini’s stunning music, this visually beautiful production is the perfect match. pittsburgh opera is proud to partner with cincinnati opera , detroit opera , and utah opera to co-produce this reinvention of puccini’s classic, uncovering new and resonant meaning for all audiences to enjoy. these performances are sponsored in part by generous gifts from caroline & mary barensfeld, daniel g. & carole l. kamin, glenmede, and the galliot fund. (photo credit: philip groshong, cincinnati opera) (photo credit: philip groshong, cincinnati opera) (photo credit: philip groshong, cincinnati opera) (photo credit: philip groshong, cincinnati opera) (photo credit: philip groshong, cincinnati opera) (photo credit: philip groshong, cincinnati opera) performance dates/times/location where: benedum center, at the corner of 7th street and penn ave, downtown pittsburgh when: saturday, march 22, 2025  * 8:00 pm - ~11:00 pm (approx. end time) tuesday, march 25, 2025  * 7:00 pm - ~10:00 pm (approx. end time) thursday, march 27, 2025 * 10:15 am–1:00 pm ( student matinee ) friday, march 28, 2025 * 7:30 pm - ~10:30 pm (approx. end time) sunday, march 30, 2025 * 2:00 pm - ~5:00 pm (approx. end time) cast and artistic team cio-cio san: karah son + suzuki: nozomi kato + b.f. pinkerton: eric taylor + sharpless: nmon ford goro: julius ahn kate pinkerton: audrey welsh * yakusidé: yazid gray ** the imperial commissioner: erik nordstrom * prince yamadori/the official registrar - jacob junbo zhou + the bonze - hyungjin son + cio-cio-san's mother – veronika schmidt the aunt – christina mccann the cousin – lilly abreu dolore ("trouble") - tba conductor: antony walker revival / associate stage director: melanie bacaling+ set designer: kimie nishikawa costume designer: maiko matsushima+ wig and make-up designer: james geier assistant wig and make-up designer: candace leyland lighting designer: yuki nakase link (re-created by kristina kloss) stage manager: cindy knight assistant conductor: glenn lewis chorus master: mark trawka associate coach/pianist: james lesniak resident artist pianist:  maeve berry* assistant stage director: anderson nunnelley+ assistant stage director: dana kinney* assistant stage managers:  bee anderson, tess naval original production conceived and directed by matthew ozawa +    pittsburgh opera debut *    pittsburgh opera resident artist **   pittsburgh opera resident artist alumni synopsis in the present day, b.f. pinkerton enters his apartment and dons a vr headset to escape into a fantasy. within moments, he rejoins a game which transports him to nagasaki, where he embodies his avatar as a u.s. navy lieutenant. he inspects a house that he will occupy with his young bride, cio-cio- san (a.k.a. madame butterfly). sharpless, the u.s. consul, arrives, and pinkerton shares his vision of a sailor in search of pleasure and the beautiful japanese girl who has captivated him. sharpless tries to warn him of this view, but pinkerton laughs, toasting the american girl who will someday be his “real” wife. butterfly, her colleagues, and family arrive for the wedding. she tells pinkerton that since her father’s death, she now earns her living as a geisha. she also has secretly converted to christianity. the imperial commissioner performs the marriage ceremony. then, cio-cio-san’s uncle, the bonze, bursts in. he curses her, inciting the crowd. protecting butterfly, pinkerton orders the guests away. butterfly weeps and her new husband consoles her. as night falls in this pleasure fantasy, the lovers share a moonlit duet. three years later, modern-day pinkerton and his american wife have grown distant. his only means of escape is through gaming, where he can manipulate his japanese bride’s future. in the virtual world, cio-cio-san patiently waits for him. her servant suzuki implores the gods for aid, but butterfly bids her to have faith—one day, pinkerton will return and embrace his wife again. sharpless enters with a letter telling of pinkerton’s marriage to an american. before he can tell butterfly, goro interrupts along with a suitor, prince yamadori. cio-cio-san refuses his marriage proposal. she brings forth her young son, trouble, and insists that as soon as pinkerton knows of him, he will return. if not, she would rather die. a cannon roars from the harbor, and butterfly discovers pinkerton’s ship coming into port. she and suzuki strew the house with blossoms. as evening falls, she prepares to keep vigil through the night. modern-day pinkerton turns off the game and goes to bed. in the middle of the night, the game turns on, luring him back to play the next level, where he chooses how he will impact butterfly’s destiny. pinkerton chooses an american wife avatar, kate. as the level continues, butterfly still waits, though suzuki persuades her to rest. soon, sharpless, pinkerton and kate arrive. suzuki realizes who the woman is and reluctantly agrees to inform butterfly. pinkerton, now aware of butterfly’s devotion, bids an anguished farewell and rushes away. cio-cio-san hurries in expecting to find her husband, and instead finds kate. she instantly guesses the truth and touchingly wishes kate happiness. she says that pinkerton may have his son if he will return for him. butterfly orders suzuki and trouble away. she has no choice but to escape this nightmare, and she pulls out the dagger with which her father committed suicide. as she raises the blade to her throat, trouble appears. cio-cio-san drops the knife and embraces him. she then blindfolds him, takes the dagger, and stabs herself. as the fantasy dies, pinkerton desperately tries to hold onto his creation, butterfly. courtesy of cincinnati opera details & resources we want you to have the best experience possible at our performances! here are some details and resources to help. also visit our opera faqs or our accessibility page . run time: approx. 3 hrs (includes one 25-minute intermission) understand every word: understand every word: madama butterfly is sung in italian, but english supertitles are projected above the stage parking downtown: get real-time parking availability pre-opera talks before each performance download the study guide braille programs available at the benedum center large-print programs available at the benedum center child policy: children must be ages 6 and up. suggestions and tips for bringing children to the opera may be found at pittsburghopera.org/faq . all children must have a ticket. there is a 50% discount for kids and teens ages 6-18. benedum safety and security statement the pittsburgh cultural trust has implemented new security and bag policies, effective starting october 1, 2016, at the benedum center and their other venues. you can read their safety & security statement , which includes an updated list of prohibited items , and read their bag policy , on their website . companion events in anticipation of this production of madama butterfly , pittsburgh opera is hosting several companion events to add depth and connection to this enduring classic: threads of destiny • fashion show • bitz opera factory • monday, february 24 • 7:30 pm family day • concert & hands-on activities • bitz opera factory • saturday, march 1 • 12:00 pm the way of tea • tea ceremony & recital • the art room (2010 smallman street) • monday, march 10 • 6:00 pm women’s role in tech, video games, anime, manga, and comic books • panel discussion • carnegie library (east liberty) • thursday, march 13 • 6:30 pm lgbtq+/ally night • opening night happy hour • benedum center • saturday, march 22 • 7:00 pm 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera