woman with eyes closed | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more woman with eyes closed about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec woman with eyes closed music by jennifer higdon libretto by jerre dye • april 26, 29, may 2, 3, 4, 2025 buy tickets a family portrait when mona finds a mysterious suitcase filled with stolen masterpieces, she must grapple with a choice to save these priceless paintings or save her son—the thief. burning the paintings would destroy the evidence of her son’s crime, but one of the paintings—lucien freud’s “woman with eyes closed”—looks just like her own mother, a painter who died when mona was still young. the uncanny resemblance unlocks long-buried memories that fuel the fires of three different possible endings. this world premiere opera from award-winning composer jennifer higdon ( cold mountain ) is inspired by a real-life art heist, and confronts the question “what is the true value of a work of art?” this is an opera that needs to be seen at least twice; each night of the production has the possibility of a completely new ending! commissioned by opera philadelphia. funded in part by the amphion foundation, inc. performance dates/times/location where: the bitz opera factory (pittsburgh opera's headquarters), 2425 liberty avenue, in pittsburgh's strip district when: saturday, april 26, 2025  * 8:00 pm - ~9:15 pm (approx. end time) ending one tuesday, april 29, 2025  * 7:00 pm - ~8:15 pm (approx. end time) ending two friday, may 2, 2025 * 7:30 pm - ~8:45 pm (approx. end time) ending three saturday, may 3, 2025 * 2:00 pm - ~3:15 pm (approx. end time) ending tba sunday, may 4, 2025 * 4:00 pm - ~5:15 pm (approx. end time) ending tba cast and artistic team mona: meredith arwady + curator: audrey welsh * thomas: fran daniel laucerica * momma: lauryn davis * inspector: matthew soibelman * conductor: antony walker (april 26, 29, may 2, 2025) conductor: glenn lewis (may 4, 2025) stage director: kristine mcintyre set designer: luke cantarella costume designer: nancy julian wig and make-up designer: tba lighting designer: todd nonn stage manager: tess naval director of musical studies: mark trawka associate coach/pianist: james lesniak resident artist pianist / supertitle caller:  maeve berry* assistant stage director: dana kinney* +    pittsburgh opera debut *    pittsburgh opera resident artist **   pittsburgh opera resident artist alumni synopsis seven priceless paintings have been stolen from the walls of a museum in the dead of the night. the police, the media, and the museum’s curator are desperate to find the culprit. in hopes of avoiding police detection, the thief (thomas) has carelessly stuffed the stolen masterworks in a suitcase and abandoned them with his unsuspecting his mother, mona. in her son’s absence, the reclusive mona investigates the contents of the suitcase discovering both the severity of her son’s crime as well as the innate beauty of each masterpiece. one painting in particular (lucian freud’s woman with eyes closed) awakens something deep inside mona, shaking her to the very core. the painting bears astriking resemblance to mona’s mother, an amateur artist who died when mona was child. the circumstances surrounding her mother’s death have reverberated throughout mona’s life. the police investigation continues to escalate, bringing an inspector to mona’s front door. though mona lies to the inspector, successfully sending him on his way, she also knows that her flimsy deception is merely a temporary fix. the police already have evidence connecting thomas to the crime. it’s a matter of time before he is apprehended. mona must act quickly. night falls. mona sleeps. as she dreams, the freud painting comes to life. inside a liminal state, mona and her mother briefly reunite. inside this memory, the two women examine the past. they navigate the pain and compromise of a life half-lived, a life starved for color, expression, and connection. together, they unearth the past trauma that continues to define mona’s future. with the dawn comes many burning questions: can mona save her son, save herself and save these priceless paintings while simultaneously preserving the memory of her mother? woman with eyes closed is a new opera about creation, destruction and the art of letting go. - courtesy of the creators details & resources we want you to have the best experience possible at our performances! here are some details and resources to help. also visit our opera faqs or our accessibility page . run time: 75 min understand every word: understand every word: woman with eyes closed is sung in english, with english supertitles are projected above the stage braille programs available large-print programs available child policy: children must be ages 6 and up. suggestions and tips for bringing children to the opera may be found at pittsburghopera.org/faq . all children must have a ticket. there is a 50% discount for kids and teens ages 6-18. 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera