la boheme | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more la bohème about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec la bohème music by giacomo puccini libretto by luigi illica and giuseppe giacosa • october 18, 21, 24, 26, 2025 when a candle flickers, love sparks. set against the backdrop of 1830’s paris, la bohème follows four impoverished artists surviving with little more than friendship, passion, and their love for art. when roldolfo, a poet, and mimì, a young seamstress, meet, the two are drawn into a tumultuous and passionate affair with a love that can only be broken by death. la bohème will make you laugh, and bring you to tears, with its timeless story and captivating music. emotional and dramatic, it’s no wonder puccini’s most celebrated opera has transcended the genre, inspiring both a ballet and the broadway hit musical rent. antony walker conducts; kristine mcintyre directs. these performances are sponsored in part by the gailliot fund. (photo credit: david bachman) (photo credit: david bachman) (photo credit: david bachman) (photo credit: david bachman) (photo credit: david bachman) performance dates/times/location where: benedum center, at the corner of 7th street and penn ave, downtown pittsburgh when: saturday october 18, 2025 * 7:00 pm tuesday, october 21, 2025 * 7:00 pm thursday, october 23, 2025 * 10:30 am student matinee friday, october 24, 2025 * 7:00 pm sunday, october 26, 2025 * 2:00 pm cast and artistic team rodolfo: daniel o’hearn ** mimì: vuvu mpofu musetta: brittany olivia logan + marcello: zachary nelson benoit/alcindoro: kevin glavin ** colline: matthew soibelman * schaunard: erik nordstrom * parpignol: logan wagner *+ prune man: tba child: tba customs officer: tba sergeant: tba conductor: antony walker stage director : kristine mcintyre scene designer: tba costume designer: tba lighting designer: tba wig & make-up designer: tba assistant conductor: glenn lewis chorus master: mark trawka associate coach/pianist: james lesniak assistant stage director: dana kinney * stage manager: tba +   pittsburgh opera debut *     pittsburgh opera resident artist **   pittsburgh opera resident artist alumnus synopsis act i. in their latin quarter garret on christmas eve, the painter marcello and poet rodolfo try to keep warm by burning pages from rodolfo's latest drama. they are joined by their comrades—colline, a young philosopher, and schaunard, a musician who has landed a job and brings food, fuel, and funds (legna! . . . sigari!). while they celebrate their unexpected fortune, the landlord, benoit, arrives to collect the rent. plying the older man with wine, they urge him to tell of his flirtations, then throw him out in mock indignation. as the friends depart for a celebration at the nearby café momus, rodolfo promises to join them soon, staying behind to finish writing an article. there’s another knock; a neighbor, mimì, says her candle has gone out on the drafty stairs. offering her wine when she feels faint, rodolfo relights her candle and helps her to the door. mimì realizes she has dropped her key, and as the two search for it, both candles are blown out. in the moonlight the poet takes the girl's shivering hand (che gelida manina "what a cold little hand") telling her his dreams. she then recounts her solitary life (sì, mi chiamano mimì "yes, they call me mimì"), embroidering flowers and waiting for spring. drawn to each other, mimì and rodolfo leave for the café (o soave fanciulla "oh lovely girl"). act ii. amid shouts of street hawkers, rodolfo buys mimì a bonnet near the café momus and introduces her to his friends. they all sit and order supper. a toy vendor, parpignol, passes by, besieged by children. marcello's former lover, musetta, enters on the arm of the elderly, wealthy alcindoro. trying to regain the painter's attention, she sings a waltz about her popularity (quando me’n vo “when i walk out”). complaining that her shoe pinches, musetta sends alcindoro to fetch a new pair, then falls into marcello's arms. the bohemians leave alcindoro to face the bill when he returns. act iii. at dawn on the snowy outskirts of paris, a customs officer admits farm women to the city. musetta and revelers are heard inside a tavern. soon mimì walks by, searching for the place where the reunited marcello and musetta now live. when the painter emerges, she pours out her distress over rodolfo's incessant jealousy (mimì! . . . speravo di trovarvi qui). it is best they part, she says. rodolfo, who has been asleep in the tavern, is heard, and mimì hides; marcello thinks she has left. the poet tells marcello he wants to separate from his fickle sweetheart. pressed further, he breaks down, saying mimì is dying; her ill health can only worsen in the poverty they share. overcome, mimì stumbles forward to bid her lover farewell (addio . . . d'onde lieta uscì al tuo grido) as marcello runs back into the tavern to investigate musetta's raucous laughter. while mimì and rodolfo recall their happiness, musetta quarrels with marcello (dunque è proprio finite). the painter and his mistress part in fury, but mimì and rodolfo decide to stay together until spring. act iv. some months later, rodolfo and marcello lament their loneliness in the garret (o mimì, tu più non torni). colline and schaunard bring a meager meal. the four stage a dance, which turns into a mock fight. the merrymaking is ended when musetta bursts in, saying mimì is downstairs, too weak to climb up. as rodolfo runs to her, musetta tells how mimì has begged to be taken to her lover to die. while mimì is made comfortable, marcello goes with musetta to sell her earrings for medicine, and colline leaves to pawn his cherished overcoat (vecchia zimarra "old coat"). alone, mimì and rodolfo recall their first days together (sono andati? "have they gone?"), but she is seized with coughing. when the others return, musetta gives mimì a muff to warm her hands and prays for her life. mimì dies quietly (dorme? . . . riposa), and when schaunard discovers she is dead, rodolfo runs to her side, calling her name. -courtesy of opera news details & resources we want you to have the best experience possible at our performances! here are some details and resources to help. also visit our opera faqs or our accessibility page . run time: approx. 2 hours and 30 minutes understand every word: la bohème is sung in italian, but has english supertitles projected above the stage at all performances parking downtown: get real-time parking availability pre-opera talks before each performance braille programs available at the benedum center large-print programs available at the benedum center child policy: children must be ages 6 and up. suggestions and tips for bringing children to the opera may be found at pittsburghopera.org/faq . all children must have a ticket. there is a 50% discount for kids and teens ages 6-18. benedum safety and security statement the pittsburgh cultural trust has implemented new security and bag policies, effective starting october 1, 2016, at the benedum center and their other venues. you can read their safety & security statement , which includes an updated list of prohibited items , and read their bag policy , on their website . 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera