fellow travelers | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more fellow travelers about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec fellow travelers music by gregory spears libretto by greg pierce based on the novel by thomas mallon • november 14, 15, 16, 2025 the red scare, tinted lavender. at the height of the mccarthy era, naive college graduate timothy laughlin comes to washington eager to join the crusade against communism. but a chance encounter with a handsome state department official, hawkins fuller, leads to tim’s first job—and his first relationship with a man. under the threat of increased government scrutiny, this complicated and clandestine affair will put both men’s loyalties and convictions to the ultimate test. as the poisonous political climate pollutes their relationship, love becomes a casualty of what it takes to “play the game” in washington. based on thomas mallon’s 2007 gut-wrenching novel, fellow travelers was praised as “a near-perfect example of fast-flowing musical drama” by the new york times and is already widely considered a contemporary classic. antony walker conducts; brian staufenbiel directs. (photo credit: dave pearson, virginia opera) (photo credit: dave pearson, virginia opera) (photo credit: dave pearson, virginia opera) (photo credit: dave pearson, virginia opera) (photo credit: dave pearson, virginia opera) performance dates/times/location where: byham theater, downtown pittsburgh when: friday, november 14, 2025 * 7:00 pm saturday, november 15, 2025 * 7:00 pm sunday, november 16, 2025 * 2:00 pm cast and artistic team hawkins fuller: erik nordstrom * timothy laughlin: logan wagner * mary johnson: shannon crowley * miss lightfoot: lauryn davis * tommy mcintyre: yazid gray ** lucy: audrey welsh * potter's assistant/bookseller/party guest/technician/french priest: matthew soibelman * senator charles e. potter/general airlie/bartender:  tba estonian frank/interrogator/senator joseph mccarthy: tba conductor: antony walker stage director : brian staufenbiel + scene designer: tba costume designer: tba lighting designer: tba wig & make-up designer: james geier assistant conductor: glenn lewis chorus master: mark trawka associate coach/pianist: james lesniak assistant stage director: dana kinney * stage manager: tba +   pittsburgh opera debut *     pittsburgh opera resident artist **   pittsburgh opera resident artist alumnus synopsis september 1953 to may 1957, in washington, d.c. eisenhower is president. senator joseph mccarthy is stoking fears that the u.s. federal government is full of communists, soviet spies, and homosexuals. scene 1 park in dupont circle. a fledgling reporter, timothy laughlin, sits on a bench reviewing his notes from mccarthy’s wedding when he is approached by state department employee hawkins fuller. scene 2 senator charles potter’s office. timothy is hired as a speechwriter for senator charles potter. timothy meets tommy mcintyre, who gives him unsolicited advice about washington politics. scene 3 hawkins’s office. timothy stops by hawkins’s office to drop off a thank-you gift. he meets hawkins’s assistant and best friend mary, and his secretary miss lightfoot, who mocks timothy after he leaves. scene 4 timothy’s apartment. timothy is at home cooking soup and writing his sister a letter when hawkins unexpectedly stops by to tell him about the delights of bermuda, among other things. scene 5 st. peter’s church. in the afterglow of last night’s encounter with hawkins, timothy is torn between his deep catholicism and his blossoming passion. scene 6 the hotel washington. at a christmas party, timothy is approached by an army general about enlisting; mary warns hawkins about his reckless behavior with timothy; mcintyre tells potter about mccarthy’s latest political troubles; miss lightfoot overhears an intimate exchange between hawkins and timothy. scene 7 interrogation room m304. an interrogator puts hawkins through a series of humiliating tests in an attempt to determine whether or not he is a homosexual. scene 8 timothy’s apartment. timothy and hawkins discuss the interrogation, mccarthy, and hawkins’s illicit amusements in new york city. scene 9 mccarthy’s office. senator potter warns mccarthy that the “adams chronology,” which details how roy cohn and mccarthy pressured the army to give cohn’s friend david schine special treatment, will be mccarthy’s downfall unless he gives up cohn. scene 10 mary’s kitchen/timothy’s apartment. mary invites timothy over to warn him of hawkins’s fickle nature. she tells timothy she is pregnant from a one-night stand. in timothy’s apartment, hawkins rejoices that he’s been cleared of allegations of homosexuality. timothy is shocked by how hawkins wants to celebrate. scene 11 roof of the old post office. timothy, in agony over his fraught relationship, tells hawkins he’s decided to enlist in the army. scene 12 hawkins’s office. mary tells hawkins she is quitting, as she can no longer work in an atmosphere of panic and persecution. scene 13 timothy in france/hawkins in chevy chase. three years pass. timothy writes letters to hawkins and mary from france, where he is stationed. hawkins is now married to a woman named lucy, with a house in the suburbs, but would clearly like to rekindle his relationship with timothy upon his return. scene 14 brick house. in a house in d.c. that hawkins has rented for his afternoon flings with timothy, hawkins expresses that he cannot be everything timothy wants. hawkins resolves to end the affair himself. scene 15 mary’s kitchen/brick house/room m304. mary is packing when hawkins stops by, distraught. hawkins confesses that in order to push timothy away, he has given timothy’s name to those investigating alleged homosexuals. he asks mary to tell timothy about this betrayal in hopes it will make timothy hate him. scene 16 park in dupont circle. his dreams dashed, timothy decides to leave washington, d.c., and hawkins fuller for good. both heartbroken, they say goodbye. –courtesy of greg pierce, cincinnati opera details & resources we want you to have the best experience possible at our performances! here are some details and resources to help. also visit our opera faqs or our accessibility page . run time: approx. 2 hours understand every word: fellow travelers is english, with supertitles projected above the stage parking downtown: get real-time parking availability pre-opera talks before each performance braille programs available at the benedum center large-print programs available at the benedum center child policy: children must be ages 6 and up. suggestions and tips for bringing children to the opera may be found at pittsburghopera.org/faq . all children must have a ticket. there is a 50% discount for kids and teens ages 6-18. benedum safety and security statement the pittsburgh cultural trust has implemented new security and bag policies, effective starting october 1, 2016, at the benedum center and their other venues. you can read their safety & security statement , which includes an updated list of prohibited items , and read their bag policy , on their website . 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera