curlew river | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more curlew river about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec curlew river music by benjamin britten libretto by william plomer • january 24, 27, 30, feb. 1, 2026 flow with fate. a woman driven mad by the mystery of her lost son learns of her boy’s unfortunate fate from a chance encounter with a ferryman while crossing a river. based on the japanese noh play sumidigawa river , curlew river retells this story as a christian parable. written in the style of monastic plain song and laden with musical symbolism, this piece artfully melds theatrical simplicity with ecumenical grandeur. in keeping with these themes and this opera’s history, curlew river will be staged at calvary episcopal church in shadyside. antony walker conducts; dana kinney directs. performance dates/times/location where: calvary episcopal church, shadyside when: saturday, january 24, 2026 * 7:00 pm tuesday, january 27, 2026 * 7:00 pm friday, january 30, 2026 * 7:00 pm sunday, february 1, 2026 * 4:00 pm cast and artistic team the ferryman: erik nordstrom * the madwoman: logan wagner * the abbot: matthew soibelman * the traveler: yazid gray ** conductor: antony walker stage director: dana kinney * +   pittsburgh opera debut *     pittsburgh opera resident artist **   pittsburgh opera resident artist alumnus synopsis the scene is set in a church by a fenland river in early medieval times. a group of monks, acolytes, and lay brethren process in with their abbot, intoning the plain-chant “te lucis ante terminum.” the lay brothers go to their instruments and the abbot announces the performance of a mystery showing how a sign of god’s grace was given. the monks who are to play the madwoman, the traveller, and the ferryman are ceremonially costumed. the madwoman and the traveller leave the acting area. the ferryman, whose duty it is to ferry pilgrims across the curlew river, steps forward. today is the day when they come to visit a grave on the other bank which is revered as a shrine. there was a burial there a year ago, and the folk believe it can heal the sick. the traveller approaches. he has been long on the road and he begs for a place on the ferry, which the ferryman grants. the madwoman’s cries are heard in the distance as she sings about curlews, lambs, and crows. when she appears, her confused singing includes the mention of her child, and the pilgrims listen to her in amazement. she tells how her son was seized by a stranger, and how she has lost her mind in despair. she begs to get into the boat, but the ferryman refuses, alarmed by her strange story. eventually the traveller, the abbot, and the pilgrims persuade the ferryman to allow her on board, and a sail is hoisted. as the ferry crosses to the other bank, the ferryman tells how a year before a heathen man came and left behind a boy who had been ill-treated and was very weak. the boy was able to say he head been stolen from his mother before dying with a prayer on his lips. he was buried nearby. the ferry has reached the bank and the sail is lowered. all go ashore to visit the boy’s tomb except the madwoman. the ferryman impatiently tels the madwoman to be on her way, until her questions reveal that she is his mother and this was the boy she lost. she leads the lamentation, in which all join, her prayers mingling with images of birds and flight. a child’s voice is heard and the spirit of the child appears above the tomb. he blesses his mother with the promise that they will meet in heaven. the madwoman, the ferryman, and the traveller resume their monks’ habits and all recss chanting the “te lucis.” – hugh macdonald, mark morris dance group details & resources we want you to have the best experience possible at our performances! here are some details and resources to help. also visit our opera faqs or our accessibility page . run time: approx. 70 minutes understand every word: curlew river is sung in english pre-opera talks before each performance child policy: children must be ages 6 and up. suggestions and tips for bringing children to the opera may be found at pittsburghopera.org/faq . all children must have a ticket. there is a 50% discount for kids and teens ages 6-18. 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera