promotions and discounts | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more promotions and discounts about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec moby-dick, 2018 looking for a student, senior, or other discount? listed below are the active promotions and discounts available. any group of 6 or more is eligible for discounted group tickets . please see our group tickets page , or email our group sales manager wendy parkulo, for questions and more information. students and educators cheap seats program : cheap seats are available for college and university students, faculty and staff, and offer deeply discounted tickets ( 60% off for students and up to 50% off for faculty and staff ). buyers may purchase up to 5 tickets for each performance, and while the buyer must be an active student/faculty/staff member, the additional tickets in the order can be used by anyone the buyer would like to bring. these tickets must be purchased in advance online and valid id must be shown when picking up tickets. find your college to save on tickets . half-price student rush tickets: starting 2 hours before every mainstage performance, students with valid high school, college, or university id can go to the performance venue’s box office and purchase up to two half-price tickets for any available seats. opera opportunity: this program allows teachers from eligible schools to organize group tickets for their students. these tickets are offered at a generous discount, starting at just $4, and are available for the four mainstage productions. attending a workshop for educators is a pre-requisite to participate in opera opportunity. half-price child ticket: kids age 6-18 are eligible for half-price tickets to all pittsburgh opera productions.  these tickets are available online , at the box office, or by calling 412-456-6666. young professionals pittsburgh opera new guard : pittsburgh opera new guard is a community for young professionals, ages 21-45, who have a passion for pittsburgh opera. membership includes two complimentary tickets along with discounts for additional ticket purchases. join now . 20-something tuesday: for tuesday evening performances throughout the season, opera fans in their twenties can purchase discounted seats for only $25 - a savings of up to $100 off the retail ticket price for benedum center performances! use promo code potwentytues when you order. seniors half-price senior rush tickets: starting 2 hours before every mainstage performance, seniors age 65+ can go to the performance venue’s box office and purchase up to two half-price tickets for any available seats. military discount active duty and retired military are eligible for 20% off tickets to all pittsburgh opera productions. these tickets are available online with the promo code pomilitary , at the box office, or by calling 412-456-6666. these tickets will be held at will call and a valid military id must be shown when picking up the tickets. the buyer must be active duty or retired military but additional tickets in the order may be used by anyone the buyer would like to bring. 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera