pittsburgh opera ticketing information and policies | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more ticketing info & policies about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec the summer king, 2017. photo credit: david bachman theater square box office , 665 penn avenue, in the cultural district walk-up hours: monday - saturday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm phone hours: monday - friday 10:00 am – 5:00 pm phone: 412-456-6666 benedum center box office, 237 7th street, in the cultural district open on performance days two hours before curtain time through intermission. payment information cash, visa, mastercard, discover, and american express accepted. orders received fewer than 7 days in advance will be held for pickup at the box office. $3.50 per ticket service charge on phone orders. taxes and fees a cultural district fee of $4.50 per ticket is included in all ticket prices. refunds, exchanges, and insurance performance dates and cast are subject to change without notice. admission is at the discretion of theater management. subscribers may exchange season tickets by calling 412-281-0912 ext. 3 or exchange tickets online single ticket buyers can insure their purchase through booking protect (learn more below) benedum center safety & security statement and bag policy the pittsburgh cultural trust has implemented new security and bag policies, effective starting october 1, 2016, at the benedum center and their other venues. you can read their safety & security statement , which includes an updated list of prohibited items , and read their bag policy , on their website . beware of ticket resellers pittsburgh opera's official online ticketing site homepage is opera.culturaldistrict.org , which we operate in partnership with the pittsburgh cultural trust's online ticketing site trustarts.org . if you do not see culturaldistrict.org or trustarts.org in the webpage's url, you are not using our official ticketing website and are likely on a reseller website. the risks of buying from a reseller include: you may pay more than face value. your tickets may not be real. your tickets may not be able to be replaced when lost or stolen. pittsburgh opera cannot give you a refund if you have to cancel, since you did not buy the ticket from us. pittsburgh opera cannot contact you with crucial information on show cancellations, time changes, road closures or traffic updates, upcoming shows or other useful information. tickets purchased from unofficial sources are done so at a risk. by purchasing only from opera.culturaldistrict.org or trustarts.org you are assured that the ticket you receive is valid and is being sold to you at current face value. resellers go to great lengths to come up first in google search results, and often use official-sounding names such as "ticket network", "box office ticket sales", "ticket smarter", "ticket city", and so on. don't be fooled! seating charts benedum center seating chart click here to view a detailed seating chart (pdf) for the benedum center, our principal performance space. if you're ordering tickets to one or more of our benedum center operas, you may select your own seats in an interactive ticketing experience. byham theater seating chart click here to view a detailed seating chart (pdf) for the byham theater. pittsburgh capa theater seating chart george r. white opera studio at the bitz opera factory seating chart the seating configuration for pittsburgh opera performances at the george r. white opera studio in our bitz opera factory headquarters varies by production. below is the seating chart which will be used for woman with eyes closed . ticketing policies late seating at the benedum center to ensure that all operagoers have a good experience, latecomers will be taken to the best available seat that does not disturb other patrons until intermission. management accepts no responsibility for the inconvenience and can make no exceptions for late arrivals. refunds or exchanges are not issued to latecomers. late seating at other venues late seating is handled on a show-by-show basis. please note that for some of our shows at other venues, including at the bitz opera factory, there is no late seating. when possible without disrupting the performance, pittsburgh opera will make every attempt to accommodate late arrivals. management accepts no responsibility for the inconvenience and can make no exceptions for late arrivals. refunds or exchanges are not issued to latecomers. please allow ample travel time so that if you encounter unexpected traffic, road construction, accidents, full parking garages, etc., you are still able to arrive at the theater for the start of the performance. obstructed vision at the benedum center supertitles, the english translations projected above the stage, will be fully visible to most benedum center customers. however, supertitles will not be visible to anyone seated in row w and behind on the main floor, or the side sections of rows w-zz on the main floor. emergency information at the benedum center an emergency register book is located in the benedum center entrance lobby to the right of the entry doors. refer emergency calls to 412-456-2610. please turn off pagers, cell phones, and watches during the performance and notify your contact of the emergency number and your seat location. this theater is equipped with an automated external defibrillator. stage area limited to performers, staff, and authorized visitors. fire exits located at all levels and clearly marked. use only in case of emergency. lost and found lost and found at the benedum: call benedum center management office at 412-456-2604, weekdays. lost & found at capa or pittsburgh opera’s performance space: call pittsburgh opera at 412-281-0912. cameras and tape recorders the use of cameras, cell phones, and tape recorders in the auditorium is strictly prohibited. cast or programming changes cast and opera subject to change without notice. all ticket sales are final. ticket insurance with booking protect the pittsburgh's cultural district has partnered with booking protect to provide you peace of mind with your single ticket purchase (good for single tickets only; not currently available for subscriptions or group sales). we recommend adding booking protect to your order, as without it all single tickets are non-refundable. booking protect costs just 7% of your pre-tax order total and allows you to apply for a full refund should you or anyone in your party be unable to attend due to a qualifying reason such as: contracting covid-19 (with doctor's note), a family member contracting covid-19 (with doctor's note), being high-risk with the advice of a doctor not to attend (with doctor's note), other illness, family emergency, or inclement weather. full details here. claim a refund up to 45 days after your performance date through a simple process exclusively on the booking protect website. by adding booking protect to your order, you are agreeing to their terms of service ( view terms of service here ). 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera