pittsburgh opera accessibility | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more accessibility about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec as one, 2017. photo credit: david bachman striving for accessibility throughout the organization pittsburgh opera strives for accessibility in its performances, performance spaces, communications, and at the bitz opera factory in the strip. we have also been a leader in offering accessibility services, such as audio commentary and braille program books, at performances. inclusion at pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera is committed to including all staff, patrons, and volunteers in all performances and programs. we consciously use person-centered language and strive to raise awareness about positive interactions. we welcome persons with disabilities as volunteers. we aim for full participation, inclusion, and integration of people of all abilities into the fabric of the company. captioning/supertitles all operas, including those performed in english, include supertitles (english texts) projected onto a screen above the stage ( unless otherwise noted ). these are sometimes referred to as "optrans". audio commentary pittsburgh opera offers an audio description service for patrons with visual, hearing, and print impairments during most tuesday performances at the benedum center, august wilson african american cultural center, pittsburgh capa (creative and performing arts) school, and at the bitz opera factory. audio description service is also offered at art song recitals in the bitz opera factory. through assistive listening devices, patrons can hear the supertitles read simultaneously with their appearance on the screen, as well as descriptions of the set, characters, and costumes. a volunteer team has provided the audio commentary service since 2003. several team members provide individual assistance to patrons as they pick up assistive listening devices. another team member reads from the program book ten minutes before each act of the performance—the "pre-show". another team member reads the supertitles and describes the visual aspects of the stage—the "play-by-play". patrons may reserve seats in advance by calling 412-281-0912, ext. 213. tickets are $14.00 each for patrons with visual impairments and a companion, and consideration will be given in case of financial hardship. to pick up an assistive listening device at the benedum center, a patron presents an id in the guest services center, located off the far right lobby. to pick up an assistive listening device at the august wilson african american cultural center, capa, or at the bitz opera factory, a patron presents an id at the education table in the lobby. assistive listening devices assistive listening devices (alds) transmit and/or amplify the sound of a production for anyone with or without a hearing aid. the benedum center has two systems for assistive listening: an infrared system and an inductive loop system. infrared: channel 1 on the infrared hearing devices is audio amplification only. channel 2 on the infrared hearing devices includes music and audio commentary inductive loop: if a patron's hearing aid has a telecoil or phone position setting, the hearing aid can be worn and a special headset with an inductive loop system can be used (and worn around the neck). infrared hearing devices cannot be used in the ears with a hearing aid. pittsburgh capa theater and the bitz opera factory have radio systems for broadcasting audio description. these assistive listening devices with radio receivers are set to the frequency of the broadcast. after patrons turn the radio on, they can adjust the volume. sign language interpretation sign language interpretation can usually be arranged upon request. requests for sign language interpreters must be received at least two weeks prior to the performance , and are subject to the availability of an interpreter. to request an asl interpreter at a pittsburgh opera performance, please email us or call 412-281-0912 x216 for details. if you have specific questions, please feel free to ask your ticketing representative or call the benedum center directly at 412-456-2600. watch the video below to learn how asl interpreters enhance the performance for patrons, and why asl conveys things beyond what our supertitles can do. video by abbie whitehurst braille and large print programs large print and braille programs are available for every performance and may be obtained in the guest services center at the benedum center. for performances at the pittsburgh capa theater and at the bitz opera factory, braille and large print programs may be obtained at the education table in the lobby. patrons who wish to read study guides in advance of performances may request that their email addresses be added to the audio commentary email updates list. sensory workshops sensory workshops are held for select productions at the bitz opera factory in the strip. these workshops examine the story, the music, and the background of the opera. participants will have a chance to explore the scenery, props, and costumes. workshops are conducted by the education department. sensory workshops are free, but reservations should be made by calling 412-281-0912, ext. 242. accessibility at the bitz opera factory notice to those with physical disabilities: tickets for bitz opera factory wheelchair locations and/or companion seating can be ordered by phone, online, or at the bitz opera factory. please give notice when you make reservations that you need a wheelchair location or special seating arrangements. ushers and door personnel are available for assistance. restrooms for those with physical disabilities are located throughout the building. dog guides are accommodated. elevator serves all public spaces in the facility. bitz opera factory wheelchair locations customers with physical disabilities requiring an extra chair or a wheelchair location will be seated in an aisle space in the george r. white studio. since the george r. white studio is a black-box space, the wheelchair locations vary with the stage configuration. please give advance notice when ordering tickets. bitz opera factory restrooms restrooms are located on the same level as the george r. white studio, and on the second level of the bitz opera factory, which is accessible by elevator. pittsburgh opera audio description pittsburgh opera offers an audio description service for customers with visual impairments during tuesday performances at the bitz opera factory. through assistive listening devices, you can hear the supertitles read simultaneously with their appearance on the screen, as well as descriptions of the set, characters, and costumes. view or download our audio description brochure. contact wendy parkulo to purchase tickets that include audio description at 412-281-0912, ext. 213. accessibility at the benedum center notice to those with physical disabilities: tickets for benedum center wheelchair locations and/or companion seating can be ordered by phone, online, at the theater square box office, or the benedum center box office. please give notice when you purchase tickets that you need a wheelchair location or special seating arrangements. at the benedum center, a stationary seat is removed to accommodate the wheelchair, necessitating advance notice. wheelchairs are available for transition from entrance to seat location. ushers and door personnel are available for assistance. wheelchair locations are available on the benedum center main floor only. restrooms for those with physical disabilities are located near the grand lobby. dog guides are accommodated. please inquire at the box office when buying tickets. water cups are available in restrooms or at any bar location. elevator in the grand lobby serves all public performance levels. infrared hearing devices are available in the grand lobby. braille and large print programs are available in the grand lobby. benedum wheelchair locations customers with physical disabilities requiring an extra chair or a wheelchair location will be seated on the sides of the main floor, rows k and o. notice must be given prior to purchase. benedum restrooms restrooms are located on the gallery, promenade, and mezzanine levels. restrooms for those with physical disabilities are located on the grand lobby level. benedum audio description pittsburgh opera offers an audio description service for customers with visual impairments during tuesday performances at the benedum center. through the provided assistive listening devices, you can hear the supertitles read simultaneously with their appearance on the screen, as well as descriptions of the set, characters, and costumes. view or download our audio description brochure. contact wendy parkulo to purchase tickets that include audio description at 412-281-0912, ext. 213. location and contact information for the benedum center mailing address: 237 7th street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 box office: 412-456-6666 access paratransit destination: 7th street between liberty and penn avenues accessibility at pittsburgh capa school notice to those with physical disabilities: tickets for pittsburgh capa school theater wheelchair locations and/or companion seating can be ordered by phone, online, or at the theater square box office. please give notice when you make reservations that you need a wheelchair location or special seating arrangements. at pittsburgh capa theater, a stationary seat is removed to accommodate the wheelchair, necessitating advance notice. ushers and door personnel are available for assistance. restrooms for those with physical disabilities are located throughout the building. dog guides are accommodated. elevator serves all public spaces in the facility. braille and large print programs are available in the capa theater lobby. pittsburgh capa theater wheelchair locations customers with physical disabilities requiring an extra chair or a wheelchair location will be seated on the sides of the main floor. notice must be given prior to purchase. pittsburgh capa theater restrooms restrooms are located on the first floor and second floor, with elevator access. pittsburgh capa theater audio description pittsburgh opera offers an audio description service for customers with visual impairments during tuesday performances at capa theater. through assistive listening devices, you can hear the supertitles read simultaneously with their appearance on the screen, as well as descriptions of the set, characters, and costumes. view or download our audio description brochure. contact wendy parkulo to purchase tickets that include audio description at 412-281-0912, ext. 213. location and contact information for pittsburgh capa school auditorium mailing address: 111 ninth street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 box office: 412-456-6666 access paratransit destination: fort duquesne boulevard at ninth street access paratransit access is a coordinated, shared-ride paratransit service, which has been providing door-to-door, advanced reservation transportation in allegheny county since 1979. access offers door-to-door service to all areas of allegheny county from 6 am to midnight, 7 days per week, 365 days per year. access service is open to the general public but primarily serves people with disabilities, clients of human service agencies and people aged 65 and over. the access program is sponsored by pittsburgh regional transit. reservations for access trips are made in advance. see myaccessride.com for details. if you are taking access to a pittsburgh opera performance, the destinations to use are: benedum center - 7th street between penn avenue and liberty avenue august wilson african american cultural center - liberty avenue between smithfield street and 10th street pittsburgh capa theater - 9th street at ft. duquesne blvd. bitz opera factory - 25th street between liberty avenue and spring way 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera