free rideshare vouchers | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more free rideshare vouchers about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec pittsburgh opera is debuting an innovative rideshare voucher program to make it easier for patrons to get to and from their opera performances. the rideshare program will let pittsburgh opera ticket buyers for armida and/or madama butterfly add $60 of uber vouchers to their pittsburgh opera ticket purchase, at no extra cost. a limited number of uber vouchers are available for each performance; the offer is valid while supplies last. patrons must have an uber account to redeem the vouchers. the vouchers can be used on the opera’s performance date, for rides that start or end within a half-mile radius of the theater. how to add a rideshare voucher to your ticket purchase: 1. after selecting the pittsburgh opera performance you’d like to see on our online ticketing website opera.culturaldistrict.org and adding it to your cart, click on the “rideshare voucher program” link in the “add rideshare” box: (see screenshot examples from last year's inaugural rideshare program at la traviata below:) 2. click on the “get tickets” link on the rideshare voucher program page: 3. select the date of your performance – please be sure it matches the performance you are purchasing tickets for: 4. select “1” from the “how many tickets” drop-down menu: you will then see the rideshare voucher added to your cart, along with your ticket to the performance. you can then check check out as usual. how does it work? please note that for the vouchers to work correctly, either your email address or phone number in your culturaldistrict.org account must match the email address or phone number you use in your uber account. uber will ‘match’ you by comparing the email addresses and phone numbers in our recipient lists with their own account records. at least 72 hours prior to your performance, pittsburgh opera will add you to our voucher recipient list in our uber for business account. you will receive an email from uber notifying you about the voucher, which may look like this: once you accept the voucher through uber’s direct invitation, the voucher will be added to your uber account. then the voucher will automatically be applied to rides that match the voucher criteria. if you spend more than the voucher covers, uber will charge any overage to your personal payment method. recipients must have a personal payment method (excluding vouchers) on file in their uber account in case of overages, and recipients should make sure that the voucher has started, isn’t expired, and is valid for the time and location. recipients can always reach out to uber through in-app support, and a specialized team will help them. please note that when you book your ride, uber may make you 'select' your personal payment method, like shown below, even though you are using your voucher. we are not sure why they do this. but as long as your ride meets the voucher criteria, they should not actually charge your card unless the ride exceeds the value of your voucher. if uber does charge you anyway, please contact us and we will happily resolve it for you. faqs when can i use the voucher? the voucher will come with specific date and time information; it can only be used during that date and time. the date will be the date of your pittsburgh opera performance. pittsburgh opera builds in a cushion of several hours before and after the show when the voucher can be used, so that if you want to go to dinner downtown before the show or do something else nearby afterwards, you can. do i have to be dropped off or picked up at the actual theater? nope. your ride must either originate from or finish within a half-mile radius of the theater. if you want to be dropped off at a nearby restaurant, or picked up from a watering hole around the corner a few hours after the show, that’s fine. what if my rides end up costing more than $60? you will be responsible for paying any amounts above $60; uber will charge your payment method already on file. recipients must have a personal payment method (excluding vouchers) on file in their uber account in case of overages. what if my rides end up costing less than $60, can i keep the leftover credit? sorry, no. the credits can only be used for rides to/from your opera performance. if your ride is less than $60, we recommend you be happy that your whole ride was free. will pittsburgh opera schedule my ride for me? no. patrons are responsible for scheduling their own rides. pittsburgh opera does not arrange or deliver the actual rides. we are merely providing funds for you to use. i'm not sure how to use uber. should i call pittsburgh opera? no. the good people at uber know much more about setting up and using uber accounts than we do. we recommend you explore their support resources for uber riders webpage , or ask your friends or relatives who use uber. can i use lyft instead of uber? currently pittsburgh opera’s rideshare voucher program exclusively uses uber. can i use some of my voucher for uber eats? pittsburgh opera’s rideshare voucher program is specifically for rides, not food. i already bought a ticket to the opera – can i add an uber voucher now? rideshare vouchers can only be added to new ticket purchases; the offer is not valid on past ticket purchases. what if i don’t receive my voucher? please double check that the phone number and email address in your uber account match the ones in your culturaldistrict.org account. please email us within 48 hours of your performance with your name, contact information, and order number and we can verify if you were added as a voucher recipient. i got my voucher, and even though i scheduled my ride to the theater within the specified timeframe, uber looks like they're making me pay for my ride with my credit/debit card. what's the deal? as we were testing the voucher program, we noticed that when you book your ride, uber may make you 'select' your personal payment method, like shown here, even though you are using your voucher. we are not sure why they do this. but as long as your ride meets the voucher criteria, they should not actually charge your card unless the ride exceeds the value of your voucher. terms and conditions patrons are responsible for scheduling their own rides. pittsburgh opera does not arrange or deliver the actual rides. pittsburgh opera is not responsible for any ride-related issues, e.g. the driver failing to arrive on time; the car gets a flat tire, you’re stuck in traffic and miss the beginning of the performance, etc. a limited number of uber vouchers are available for each performance; the offer is valid while supplies last. rideshare vouchers can be added to new ticket purchases only; offer not valid on past ticket purchases. 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera