free childcare services | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more free childcare services about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec pittsburgh opera is offering free childcare to children ages 2-12 at the sunday matinee performances of madama butterfly at the benedum center. the childcare will take place onsite at the benedum center, in its multipurpose room, which will be used exclusively for this service. there are a limited number of spaces available, and pre-registration is required. to register, you (the parent/guardian of the child) will ‘purchase’ a free childcare ticket when you buy your own ticket to the opera. your order confirmation email will include a link to a registration form, which includes your seating location, information about any allergies the children have, and other such matters. you must reconfirm the registration information at drop off, and you must remain in the building during the performance . the minimum age to attend these opera performances and sit in the audience is six. however, children as young as two will be able to use the childcare service . children between the ages of six and twelve have the option of seeing the opera with tickets at 50% off or using the childcare service at no charge. any child using the childcare service must register in advance. pittsburgh opera has worked closely with their partners at the pittsburgh cultural trust , which owns and operates the benedum center, and priya amin , the founder of on-site childcare provider flexable, to bring this program to life. faqs where is the childcare provided? the childcare will take place onsite at the benedum center, in its multipurpose room on the second floor, which will be used exclusively for this service. what are the age limits? the minimum age to attend these opera performances and sit in the audience is six. however, children as young as two will be able to use the childcare service . children between the ages of six and twelve have the option of seeing the opera with tickets at 50% off or using the childcare service at no charge. do i need to buy a ticket for my child who will be using the childcare service? yes, but it's free. any child using the childcare service must register in advance . please use the process shown in the "how to add childcare to your ticket purchase" section below to add childcare tickets to your shopping cart while you are purchasing your tickets to see the opera performance. you will receive a 'ticket' for the childcare which the usher will scan when you enter the benedum just like they'll scan your ticket to the performance. once i order my childcare ticket, am i done? not quite. your order confirmation email will include a link to an online registration form to fill out. this form will ask for information about things such as your seating location, the child's name and age, any allergies the children have, and other such matters. you will need to fill out and submit that form in advance. the form includes a liability waiver, which you can read in the "liability waiver" section of this webpage. the parent/guardian must reconfirm the registration information at drop off, and remain in the building during the performance . when do i drop off and pick up my child? the benedum center opens 1 hour 15 minutes before the performance starts. you may drop your child off anytime after the benedum opens up until the beginning of the performance. you are welcome to visit your child during intermission if you wish. children must be picked up within 10 minutes of the performance’s ending. children may only be released to the person that signed them in to the childcare area. no exceptions. after i drop my kid off, can i duck across the street for a bite to eat before the show starts? no! in fact, double no. the parent/guardian must remain in the building during the performance. can i bring toys or books or games, or their favorite stuffed animal, for my child to use? yes, provided you adhere to the pittsburgh cultural trust's bag policy and their prohibited items policy . pittsburgh opera will have a range of age-appropriate activities available for your child to use. will there be food provided? parents may feed their children snacks, e.g. during intermission, but the childcare providers will not provide food to the children. please note that parents must follow the pittsburgh cultural trusts' outside food and beverage policy . what about bathrooms and dirty diapers? childcare staff will cover diaper changes and/or accompany kids to the bathroom unless the parent requests otherwise. parents must bring their child's diapers/wipes/pullups. my child takes medication every afternoon. will you give my child their regular daily medication? no, medications will not be administered by childcare staff. how to add childcare to your ticket purchase step 1 - after selecting a ticket to madama butterfly on our online ticketing website opera.culturaldistrict.org and adding it to your cart, click on the "click here if you would like to add free child care" link. (see screenshot examples from last year's inaugural childcare program at la traviata below:) step 2 - once you are on the childcare page, shown below, click the "get tickets" button step 3 - use the "how many tickets" dropdown menu to select the number of children who will be receiving childcare, and click 'add to cart'. in the unlikely event that you have more than nine children, please email us . step 4 - you will now see the childcare in your cart, and can complete the checkout process as usual. meet the team our team of certified childcare providers is looking forward to meeting your child. all have extensive experience caring for children and are up-to-date on all their clearances. learn more about our team members below. alex sanders alex sanders : my name is alex and i’m a proud wife and momma of two– one 11-month old baby girl, kinsley and her four-legged friend, jade. our favorite activities include spending time in the sun, making new friends, and cooking new meals! cory riddle cory riddle : above all else, i love to teach and learn, and consider the two intricately intertwined, as the best teachers i have had were all continual students. in my free time, i enjoy reading, writing, nature, sports, and working on various creative endeavors, from podcasts to haikus to songwriting. while i have the most experience in history and literature, i also try to focus on steam lessons and activities, and always try to cultivate creative expression with students. debbie molinari debbie molinari : my name is debbie molinari. i live in mt. lebanon & have three grown children.  i worked as an elementary school aide in the mt. lebanon school district for six years, & have worked for mt. lebanon extended day program for 13 years. michelle pierce michelle pierce : hi, i am a former elementary and preschool teacher. i have two children and a dachshund named chloe. i enjoy traveling, shopping and watching my son play college baseball. katie wills katie wills : i have 10 years + of experience working with kids and families. got my associates degree in teaching right before the pandemic started. i’m a nanny and pet/house sitter. i love playing games, arts and crafts, reading. liability waiver the following liability waiver is part of the online registration form the parent/guardian must fill out to register their child(ren). liability waiver i understand and affirm that by signing this childcare waiver of liability, i release and hold harmless pittsburgh opera, the pittsburgh cultural trust, and their respective owners, directors, officers, advisors, employees, agents, affiliates, instructors, volunteers, childcare workers, and all other persons or entities acting for them from any and all liability, losses, damages, harms, claims, demands, suits, attorneys’ fees, costs, and expenses, in connection with or arising out of childcare services provided to me and my child(ren), including but not limited to: personal injury, bodily harm, illness, death, other injury, property damage, or any other harm occurring while the above child/children is/are in their care at this event or otherwise related to any childcare services. i acknowledge that i understand and have evaluated the risks associated with any childcare services, and i have elected to use the child care provided by pittsburgh opera with full knowledge and acceptance of the risks. i understand that none of the following entities or persons, including pittsburgh opera, the pittsburgh cultural trust, the event hosts, the event sponsors, or  the event location managers/owners  provide insurance coverage for accidents or injury sustained by my child(ren). i agree that my use of child care provided at this event and my child(ren)’s participation in any related activities shall be undertaken by me or my children at our sole risk, and pittsburgh opera and the pittsburgh cultural trust shall not be liable for any injuries or any damages to me, or my children, or be subject to any claim, demand, lawsuit, attorneys’ fees, costs, damages, or any other liability  whatsoever, irrespective of cause or origin. additionally, pittsburgh opera and the pittsburgh cultural trust shall not be responsible or liable for articles damaged, lost, or stolen related to my child(ren)’s participation in any childcare services. i grant permission to pittsburgh opera to take photographs and/or video of me and/or my child(ren) at this event and to use any such materials in publications, news releases, online, and in other communications related to the mission of pittsburgh opera.  pittsburgh opera shall have no obligation to provide me with any notice or compensation related to its use of any such materials. i hereby attest that i have 1) read and understand the above release and 2) that i have received, read and understand the rules, regulations, policies and procedures governing child care while at this event. signature: date: 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera