give now to pittsburgh opera | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more ways to give about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec pittsburgh opera provides a variety of ways for you to be a supporter, from volunteering , to individual giving , to sponsoring acclaimed productions, to including us in your estate plans , to attending our special events , to funding educational programs that reach thousands of students. your gift, whether one time or monthly , large or small, makes a difference to opera in pittsburgh. call our development department at 412-281-0912, ext. 231 for questions or to make a contribution, or use our secure gift form to give online today or set up a monthly gift . thank you for your support! ways to give by phone: 412-281-0912 ext. 231 by mail: make checks payable to “pittsburgh opera” and send to: pittsburgh opera attn: development department 2425 liberty avenue pittsburgh, pa 15222 by stock transfer: donate appreciated stock and you may be eligible for significant tax benefits. call 412-281-0912 ext. 226 or email the development department for more information. pittsburgh opera provides a variety of additional opportunities for support, including membership gifts , corporate sponsorships , planned giving , special events , and volunteering . individual giving pittsburgh opera values every contribution and strives every day to use them wisely. whether supporting our education programs, our resident artist program , our productions, or our community events , you can be sure that your contribution goes a long way. click here to make a secure contribution, or contact us at 412-281-0912 ext. 231. contributions to pittsburgh opera are tax-deductible. the official registration and financial information of pittsburgh opera may be obtained from the pennsylvania department of state by calling toll-free, within pennsylvania, 1-800-732-0999. registration does not imply endorsement. planned giving the monteverdi society – pittsburgh opera's planned giving society more than 400 years ago, claudio monteverdi shared his talent with the world and established a new art form that became known as opera. since then, millions of people all over the world have been enriched by monteverdi’s legacy. opera was monteverdi’s legacy; what will your legacy be? become a member of the monteverdi society by: giving in your will . name pittsburgh opera in your will, notify us in writing that you have done so, and you become a member immediately of the monteverdi society – no need to let us know the amount. giving in your estate plan . establish an estate plan, in consultation with your financial and legal advisers, name pittsburgh opera as at least one of the beneficiaries, notify us, and become a member of the monteverdi society – you receive many immediate and long-term benefits. to learn more about planned giving and discuss how your legacy gift will ensure pittsburgh opera’s future excellence and how to go about making your gift, please contact our development department at 412-281-0912, ext. 259. matching gifts meet your "match" and let your contribution to pittsburgh opera spark another gift. many employers have matching gift programs to match charitable contributions made by their employees. gifts from retirees may also qualify for a match. participating in your company’s matching gift program is a great way for you to enable your employer to join with you in supporting your philanthropy to pittsburgh opera. click here for information and frequently asked questions. more ways to give there are many other ways to give to pittsburgh opera, including gifts of appreciated securities bequests charitable remainder trusts charitable lead trusts charitable gift annuities life insurance gifts memorial and honorary contributions united way donor choice local, regional, and national days of giving to discuss how your gift will ensure pittsburgh opera’s future excellence and how to go about making your gift, please contact our development department at 412-281-0912, ext. 259. contributions to pittsburgh opera are tax-deductible. the official registration and financial information of pittsburgh opera may be obtained from the pennsylvania department of state by calling toll-free, within pennsylvania, 1-800-732-0999. registration does not imply endorsement. resident artist sponsorship hailed as one of the country's leading training programs for young singers, pittsburgh opera's resident artist program provides professional development during a two-year period. sponsors support opera stars of the future while building personal relationships with their designated artists, many of whom stay in touch over the course of their careers. sponsorship opportunities begin with a minimum gift of $10,000, and directly underwrite artists’ engagement and training with pittsburgh opera. for more information, please contact rachel kisic , director of development, at 412-281-0912 x226. 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera