pittsburgh opera new guard for young professionals | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more pittsburgh opera new guard about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec join the pittsburgh opera new guard and experience everything pittsburgh opera has to offer! the new guard is a community for people ages 21-45 who have a passion for pittsburgh opera. don't forget to add yourself to the new guard facebook group . want in on all of our new guard perks and events? you'll be invited to exclusive events, get great ticketing and other discounts, and more! purchase your membership online today. 2023 sparkling speakeasy (photo credit: david bachman) 2023 sparkling speakeasy (photo credit: david bachman) 2023 sparkling speakeasy (photo credit: david bachman) holiday party 2022 (photo credit: david bachman) holiday party 2022 (photo credit: david bachman) 2021 new guard happy hour at scarpino (photo credit: david bachman) benefits the benefits you'll receive with your yearly new guard membership are: two complimentary tickets (with an individual membership) or four complimentary tickets (with a dual membership) to an upcoming performance of your choice, seated at best availability subject to performance availability. upon choosing performance dates for comp tickets, allow a few days for processing. you'll be added to our pittsburgh opera new guard e-newsletter to stay up to date on all new guard happenings. 20% discount on additional tickets special rates to pittsburgh opera special events free admission to all new guard events admission and special promotions for collaborative events with other pittsburgh young professional organizations networking opportunities purchase a membership membership: $75 for an individual membership with 2 complimentary tickets $100 for a dual membership with 4 complimentary tickets purchase a membership online . for more information, contact chris cox, director of marketing and communications, at 412-281-0912 x217. new guard + galaxy society this season, new guard members can join pittsburgh opera’s galaxy society at a reduced rate. enjoy networking and complimentary hospitality in the donor lounge, white glove ticket service, special behind-the-scenes invitations and more. benefits: donor lounge networking and hospitality at the benedum center and other select venues for you and a guest exclusive entry to opening night cast parties ticket concierge service for access to the best seats in the house complimentary parking for benedum center and august wilson center performances invitations to all sitzprobe with a reception featuring wine, cheese, and socializing admission to all dress rehearsals complimentary admission to art song recitals and opera up close name recognition in pittsburgh opera program books galaxy society membership is regularly priced at $3,500, but new guard members can join with a gift of just $2,000. questions? contact victoria touscany . purchase your galaxy society membership here! recurring new guard events recurring new guard events summer salon happy hour – join us on thursday, september 19 ! get a jump on the new opera season with all your new guard friends! the summer salon features a live performance from our resident artists, free food, plus a free drink ticket for new guard members. opening night happy hours – celebrate each benedum center opera’s opening night with a pre-show happy hours, complete with food discounts and custom-cocktails created to tie into the production. the 2024-25 happy hours with be on october 5 ( tosca ), november 9 ( cavalleria rusticana/pagliacci ) and march 22 (lgbtq+ ally night at madama butterfly . join us on october 5 for a pre-show happy hour and talk with executive council member tylar zamary! register here:  lgbtq+/ally night – join us every year on opening night of our first benedum spring opera to raise a glass to a good cause. with your discounted ticket, enjoy pre-show drinks and intermissions in a private lounge at the benedum. a portion of each ticket sale for this event supports a local lgbtq+ organization. this season's lgbtq+/ally night will be held on opening night of will be held on opening night of madama butterfly on saturday, march 22 . new guard executive council the pittsburgh opera new guard executive council helps strategize, plan, organize, and promote new guard events, activities, and more. these dedicated volunteers are crucial to the new guard's continued success. current council members are: rebecca dyas, president kristin taucher, president-elect michael komo, president emeritus beth pindilli, membership engagement elizabeth groch, membership engagement tylar zamary, social chair mary davis, communications sally neidhard, communications christian sesek, fpo liaisons danielle katz, member at large please contact victoria touscany if you are interested in joining! 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera