hold your event at pittsburgh opera headquarters | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more event rental about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec a wedding in the george r. white opera studio. photo: g. frank your event will stand out in the original george westinghouse air brake factory, now home to pittsburgh opera. the bitz opera factory building has the raw industrial feel of an 1869 warehouse that allows you the flexibility to create the ambiance you desire. pittsburgh opera's building renovation resulted in silver-level leed certification in the operations and maintenance category in june 2011, and we encourage you to consider making your event a green one. take a virtual tour! now booking for 2025! to learn more about our event space or to schedule an in-person tour, please complete the inquiry form below: please note that the pittsburgh opera calendar on this website includes only pittsburgh opera events; it does not include rental events like weddings, meetings and parties. photo: alison mish photo: alison mish photo: alison mish photo: alison mish photo: alison mish photo: alison mish photo: alison mish photo: sarah and shaun's wedding via schiemer entertainment photo: sarah and shaun's wedding via schiemer entertainment rental rates: george r. white opera studio the george r. white opera studio now booking for 2025! rates include the opera studio and founders' room uses : presentations, productions, wedding ceremonies and wedding receptions, other receptions, or dinner parties capacity : 400 for a cocktail reception; 350 in theater-style seating; 200 for a dinner reception. square feet : 5,000 (approx. 116' x 48') rental rates : ​​​​$1,450 for 4 hours; $4,500 daily (12 hours) rate available for additional costs : stage, piano all rentals will be charged a $450 staffing fee and a $150 cleaning fee. rental rates: founders' room an event in the founders' room. founders' room now booking for 2025! uses : meetings or receptions capacity : 100 in theater-style seating; 50 for a dinner reception. amenities : kitchen access square feet : 1,920 (approx. 40' x 48') rental : $750 for 4 hours, $1,800 daily (8 hours) rate available for additional costs : stage, piano all rentals will be charged a $450 staffing fee and a $150 cleaning fee. rental guidelines building rental rates our current rental rates can be found on our website:  load-in & load-out policy a full-day rental includes 12 hours from set-up to end of your event, plus one hour for clean-up. access will be given to social tables for lessees to place objects around the space. pittsburgh opera event staff will set up the items as noted on social tables prior to lessee’s arrival. lessees will inform pittsburgh opera staff of any rentals associated with their event. drop off and pick up times must be coordinated prior to the event. vendor drop offs are allowed the day prior to your event within the hours of 9:30am-1:30pm. lessee will be charged an additional hourly fee for a ceremony rehearsal or drop off and set up of personal items, décor, etc. on the day prior to the event. it is preferred that all personal items must be removed from the building at the end of the event, however, if prior arrangements are made, items may be picked up at a later date. rented items may be left and picked up on the next business day between 9:30am-1:30pm, with approval from pittsburgh opera. additional security the staffing fee for each event covers one (1) security guard, hired by po, for the duration of your event time and one (1) po staff member. upper level of grw access guests may not access the upper level of the grw. we will allow individuals up to the second level to put up and take down decorations. we will also allow photographer or videographer limited access the upper level. restricted items the following items are prohibited from use in the george roland white studio, founders’ room, and other associated spaces: helium-filled balloons confetti, glitter, beads, or similar loose items feather boas sparklers or other pyrotechnic instruments gas/wood-fueled burners (sternos are permitted) hay or straw unprotected taper candles bubbles or foam machines champagne towers or spraying of champagne indoors smoking is not permitted on the premises, including the garage area. use of electronic cigarettes is also prohibited. smoking shall only be permitted at designated areas outside of the garage area as defined by pittsburgh opera. in accordance with pennsylvania state law, lessee shall not permit the use of any illegal drugs in or about the premises at any time. guest arrival there are two large pittsburgh opera signs on liberty avenue and two a-frame signs are placed at the entrance and exit of the parking garage. we do recommend that volunteers stand at the entrance and exit to the garage for your guests’ ease of mind. these volunteers can answer questions about parking or the event in general. vendors preferred vendors pittsburgh opera has no requirements about vendors, so you can feel free to use any caterer, dj, photographer, etc. that best suits your budget and taste. a list of preferred pittsburgh opera vendors can be provided upon request. kitchen access pittsburgh opera has a small kitchen that the caterer may use for prep work. because of poor ventilation, however, this is a warming kitchen and cannot accommodate cooking. if your menu requires on-site cooking, most caterers will set up a kitchen in the parking garage, where ventilation is not a factor. alcohol policy you are responsible for bringing in your own alcohol for the event, if desired. many caterers will provide alcohol and bartenders for your event, at your request. our only stipulation with the bar is that, due to pa liquor laws, you cannot sell alcohol on site, so the bar must be an open bar. announcements & music pittsburgh opera will not provide a/v equipment for your event. if you wish to have music or announcements made, it is recommended to hire a dj. amenities ice machine/ice storage unfortunately, we do not have an ice machine. we do, however, have an ice chest located in the kitchen that can hold approximately 4-5 bags of ice. you will need to provide the ice. if you bring coolers with extra ice, they must be kept in the garage. guest parking events have use of our parking garage on a first-come, first-served basis. while we will strive to ensure that at least some of your guests have use of this convenience, full use of the garage is not guaranteed. if our garage is full, other options include street parking (which is metered below 25 th street), the $10 lot at the corner of penn avenue and 24 th street (1 block from the opera), and the $6 garage at the corner of smallman street and 24 th street (2 blocks from the opera). the lot across from the opera on liberty avenue is a private lot and not available for rental. many rental groups arrange for a shuttle service for their guests, though this is by no means required. two of our preferred vendors – d & p valet and the hub – can also provide parking services. d & p valet can be onsite to valet guests’ cars. the hub will set up an account with the lessee to allow guest’s parking fees to be billed to the lessee directly. pittsburgh opera tables and chairs providing our equipment isn’t being used for another event in the building, the opera has the following: 1 10 25 6 5 10 2 5 350 72” round table (seats up to 10 people) 60” round tables (seats up to 8 people) 30” low round tables (seats up to 4 people) 26” high round tables 8’ x 24” rectangle tables 6’ x 24” rectangular utility tables 5’ bar units black leather chairs banquet chairs (maroon with gold trim) banquet chairs (maroon with gold trim) piano use pittsburgh opera usually keeps a grand piano in each room but they are removed if not being used.   if your group is interested in using a piano, a small piano tuning fee will be added to your final invoice. pittsburgh opera does not supply a pianist, so you will be required to hire one of your own. administrative administrative fees $150 insurance fee covers general liability for insurance for the space. if you wish to purchase more coverage or are looking for additional, generic event insurance, then you may purchase additional plans. $450 staffing fee covers a pittsburgh opera staff member to be on-site for the entirety of your rental from set-up to clean-up and a third-party security guard hired by pittsburgh opera. po staff will ensure building systems are working throughout and stay clean during your event, along with basic support of po equipment. $150 cleaning fee covers the additional cleaning of the event space, floors, , bathrooms, and kitchen. 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera