pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec february 27, 2025 pittsburgh opera announces its 2025–26 season, the company’s 87th. the season showcases pittsburgh opera’s commitment to producing world-class operas ranging from classical works to a world premiere. pittsburgh opera will be producing five operas, which will be performed across a total of four different venues—the benedum center, the byham theater, pittsburgh opera’s headquarters the bitz opera factory, and for the first time calvary episcopal church. the different venues give audiences a chance to experience opera on both a grand and intimate scale. download the full pdf , which includes descriptions of each production, information about the cast and artistic teams, and full event dates and descriptions. the operas la bohème music by giacomo puccini; libretto by luigi illica and giuseppe giacosa benedum center for the performing arts, downtown pittsburgh october 18, 21, 23, 24, 26, 2025 fellow travelers music by gregory spears with a libretto by greg pierce, based on the novel by thomas mallon byham theater, downtown pittsburgh november 14, 15, 16, 2025 curlew river music by benjamin britten, with a libretto by william plomer calvary episcopal church, shadyside january 24, 27, 30, february 1, 2026 time to act – world premiere! music by laura kaminsky with a libretto by crystal manich bitz opera factory, in pittsburgh’s strip district february 28, march 3, 6, 8, 2026 falstaff music by giuseppe verdi, with a libretto adapted by arrigo boito from the play the merry wives of windsor and scenes from henry iv, part 1 and part 2 , by william shakespeare benedum center for the performing arts april 28, 30, may 1, 3, 2026 special events bravo academy (summer camp for ages 11-15) week 1: monday, july 7, 2025 – friday, july 11, 2025 week 2: monday, july 14, 2025 – friday, july 18, 2025 70 th annual diamond horseshoe celebration – saturday, october 11, 2025 fashion show – monday, march 23, 2026 maecenas xli – saturday, may 16, 2026 free, low cost, and other events free pre-opera talks - one hour before each performance, unless otherwise indicated free meet the artists - following each tuesday evening performance, unless otherwise indicated free rising stars concert – sept. 28, 2025 at the bitz opera factory free song shop concerts - selected saturdays during the season at the bitz opera factory, including a holiday concert (dec. 2025) and an america 250 concert (may 2026) friends of pittsburgh opera events pittsburgh opera new guard events wqed previews and broadcasts tickets season tickets (subscriptions) are now available. subscription packages range from $35.50 - $581. pittsburgh opera’s opus pass lets patrons see as many live opera performances as they want all season. for one low monthly price, passholders get a year’s worth of unlimited admission to every performance of every opera, subject to availability. single ticket sales begin in august group discounts , including student discounts, are available. children and teens ages 6–18 are half-off for all operas. sponsors pittsburgh opera’s season is made possible, onstage and off, by support from all corners of the community. pittsburgh opera offers a range of flexible gift options and potential tax benefits for individuals, local businesses, and corporations. sponsorship opportunities include: production sponsorships – help bring a production to life while pulling back the curtain and entertaining clients or friends. gifts begin at $10,000. resident artist sponsorships – support future opera stars while building personal relationships with artists. gifts begin at $10,000. family day & community programs – underwrite free or low-cost concerts, because everyone deserves access to opera. gifts begin at $5,000. parties & events – sponsor galas, networking events, parties, and happy hours. gifts begin at $1,000. to learn more about becoming a sponsor, contact pittsburgh opera at 412-281-0912 x226 or email us . pnc is pittsburgh opera’s 2025–26 season sponsor. wqed-fm is pittsburgh opera’s media sponsor. ambridge regional distribution and manufacturing center is the tuesday performance and ‘meet the artists’ post-show event sponsor. natural awakenings magazine is the song shop concerts sponsor. 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera