maecenas | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more opera in red – maecenas xl about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec maecenas xl opera in red saturday, may 17, 2025 | 5:30 pm monterey bay fish grotto 1411 grandview ave, pittsburgh, pa 15211 suggested dress : red, ruby, or scarlet inspired formal attire. join us for our season-closing gala, opera in red , to celebrate pittsburgh opera’s world-class artistry and impactful education initiatives . enjoy a delicious dinner overlooking the pittsburgh skyline, special performances by resident artists, award presentations to some of pittsburgh’s most impactful artists and philanthropists, and the chance to dance the night away in style. your support for this unforgettable evening allows the opera to continue engaging with underserved communities, providing educational programs for schoolchildren, and creating performance opportunities for emerging artists. we invite you to paint the town red with your passion for the arts. don’t miss pittsburgh opera’s opera in red on may 17th ! make your mark on the event as a sponsor! sponsorship and underwriting opportunities begin at $2,500. for more information on event sponsorship, please contact torrance gricks or call (412) 281-0912 ext. 225. experience levels: host committee - $900 5:30 pm arrival spread the word about maecenas xl: opera in red and encourage friends, families, and corporate contacts to purchase tickets or sponsor the event name recognition as a host committee member on our website and event signage vip welcome reception with raw bar, hors d’oeuvres, and craft cocktails dinner overlooking the pittsburgh skyline performances by the pittsburgh opera resident artists dessert and dancing in the lounge valet parking patron ticket - $550 6:00 pm arrival cocktails and hors d’oeuvres dinner overlooking the pittsburgh skyline performances by the pittsburgh opera resident artists dessert and dancing in the lounge valet parking special patron rates * early bird * sale march 10-22: $450 monteverdi society members: $400 new guard members:  $350 scarlet soirée  - $125 8:30 pm arrival dance the night away with dj cake in the lounge at monterey bay! ticket includes open bar, light bites, dessert, and dancing in the lounge valet parking 2025 event commitee maecenas chairs christine toretti & dr. karen roche galey scarlet soiree chairs tylar and gary zamary host committee howard and marilyn bruschi dr. raymond a. capone, jr. and dr. martha r. clarke doris carson williams dr. lisa cibik and bernie j. kobosky james and melanie crockard john and virginia dipucci michele fabrizi drs. karen and r. kent galey alice v. gelormino nachum golan and steve hough christopher hahn and ron booth dr. susan candace hunt dr. michael and kumiko lancet dr. michael lewis and dr. katia sycara abby l. morrison and paul m. teplitz mary anne papale pam selker rak and bob rak robin randall dominic rupprecht and greg vose drs. sharon and robert sclabassi steve seibert and charlie anderson drs. robert h. and janet e. squires gene welsh and marty healey jeffrey wigton izear winfrey (listing as of 2/27/25) 2025 honorees maecenas award: robert and christine pietrandrea in recognition of their generosity, philanthropy, and dedication to keeping opera on stage in pittsburgh. learn more. lifetime achievement award: the pittsburgh opera monteverdi in recognition of their investment in the future of pittsburgh opera through a legacy gift. learn more. renaissance award: dr. harry clark in recognition of his dedication to music and the arts in pittsburgh as the founder of pittsburgh capa performing ats high school. learn more. 2025 sponsors are you looking to significantly impact the success of this event and introduce your unique brand to the pittsburgh opera audience? please consider individual or corporate sponsorship. to sponsor maecenas xl: opera in red , please contact torrance gricks via email or at 412-281-0912 x225. gold sponsor ($25,000 +) silver sponsor ($15,000 +) pearl sponsor ($10,000 +) bronze sponsor ($5,000 +) giant eagle foundation mark flaherty & mary mckinney flaherty miller mccurry maecenas award history the event’s namesake, gaius maecenas, was friend to the first emperor of rome, caesar augustus, and a celebrated patron to such artists of his time as horace and virgil. today his name is synonymous with “patron of the arts.” pittsburgh opera’s maecenas award is bestowed upon benefactors whose exceptional dedication to our work ensures that live opera can thrive in pittsburgh. previous award honorees include: lifetime achievement award nadine e. bognar dr. jared l. cohon governor tom corbett first lady susan corbett arthur “jack” kerr robert nutting janet sarbaugh vincent sarni tom wolf, governor of the commonwealth of pennsylvania donald cardinal wuerl maecenas award françois j. bitz electra and james r. agras michele and pat atkins nadine e. bognar carol r. brown tony bucci kathleen casey craig daya michele fabrizi mary louise gailliot and the late henry j. gailliot teresa heinz kerry dr. arthur s. levine jeffrey lipton carol and joseph a. massaro, jr. dr. andrew w. moore thomas h. o’brien mark pasquerilla jan and dick pagliari kathe and jim patrinos pnc david porges jeffrey romoff vincent a. sarni charles stegeman nancy and john traina doris carson williams renaissance award stephanie blythe maestro richard bonynge tito capobianco marianne cornetti mary cardwell dawson vivica genaux nathan gunn christopher hahn jake heggie marilyn horne terrence mcnally sherrill milnes claudia pinza roberta peters mildred miller posvar regina resnik general norman schwarzkopf renata scotto beverly sills dame joan sutherland shirlee verrett joe volpe past chairs electra and james r. agras barbara l. barry ritchie battle vivian and bill benter sandra l. bettor nadine e. bognar maryanne depalma and howard burnett barbara and gerald chait lisa m. cibik and bernie kobosky lisa m. cibik and ali good pamela estes and james ferry cindy and murry gerber laura and claude kronk bonnie levine shelly and jeffery lipton carol and joseph a. massaro, jr. patricia and attila molnar jan and dick pagliari kathe and jim patrinos gabriela and david porges chris pritchard dottie and vincent a. sarni teri and damien soffer saundra and william stout christine toretti james will gillian and david williams event history named for gaius maecenas, the wealthy roman statesman and cultural patron, the maecenas gala has developed a reputation for a spectacular environment and great entertainment. seen hails it as “one of the best black-tie galas in town” and by the tribune-review as one of pittsburgh’s top parties of the year. each year, this event is a critical aspect of pittsburgh opera’s fundraising efforts to keep music alive in pittsburgh and the surrounding areas. annually, maecenas galas celebrate a successful season for pittsburgh opera and recognize individuals who have contributed significantly to the performing arts in pittsburgh or within their respective fields. each year, a few worthy recipients receive awards from pittsburgh opera. dancing at the celestial celebration --maecenas xxxix (photo credit: david bachman) dancing at the celestial celebration --maecenas xxxix (photo credit: david bachman) new guard dining at the celestial celebration --maecenas xxxix (photo credit: david bachman) resident artist performances at the celestial celebration --maecenas xxxix (photo credit: david bachman) celestial celebration --maecenas xxxix (photo credit: david bachman) 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera