the way of tea: ceremony and recital give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more calendar close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec return to events calendar the way of tea: recital and ceremony the art room, 2010 smallman st, pittsburgh pa 15222 march 10, 2025 6:00 pm-8:30 pm ceremony the tea ceremony, or chado (the way of tea), is a traditional japanese art involving the ritualistic preparation of tea. influenced by the philosophy of zen buddhism, the core teaching of chado is to attain a spiritual state of selflessness and peacefulness through making and sharing tea. join us to learn the history and philosophy of japanese tea ceremony while tasting japanese tea and sweets. yuko eguchi is a native of tokyo, japan and holds a ph.d. in ethnomusicology from the university of pittsburgh. she received her tea master title and name, soyu, in 2009 and the associate professor of tea title in 2013, certified by the head master of the urasenke school. yuko has performed and lectured on japanese traditional arts at various higher institutions. recital japanese mezzo-soprano, nozomi kato, is in demand at leading opera houses in italy, spain, japan and beyond. in particular, she has made a name for herself internationally as suzuki in puccini's madama butterfly, which she will perform at pittsburgh opera in march of 2025 reprising her role in a production originated at cincinnati opera (dir: matthew ozawa). buy tickets 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera