news and announcements | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more news & announcements close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec announcing our 2025-26 season! learn more "t he amount of talent ... is quite remarkable" -- onstage pittsburgh read the review "a n exhilarating introduction to what this art form can offer" -- pittsburgh quarterly read the review "fiery intensity" -- pittsburgh post-gazette read the review "arias that charge ahead..." read the preview " it’s expanding my comfort zone" interview with lauryn davis " sharp attention to detail and tight action" -- pittsburgh post-gazette read the review "a gluttonous evening of rich music and soaring voice" -- entertainment central pittsburgh read the review "grand opera at its best" -- onstage pittsburgh read the review pittsburgh post-gazette interviews our chorus members! read the article "d ecidedly delicious" -- entertainment central pittsburgh read the review " this is a work and a performance that reminds us why so many people still attend and revere this art form." -- pittsburgh post-gazette read the review "t he applause was deafening" --onstage pittsburgh read the glowing review tosca on kdka watch here leitmotifs and tosca read the article antony walker talks tosca and tiktok read the interview meet our 2024-25 resident artists! learn more pittsburgh opera to host 17 th annual piano sale august 22nd-25th learn more pittsburgh opera extends maestro antony walker's contract for 5 years learn more "bright and breezy" -- pittsburgh post-gazette read the review "...full of humanity and history—and sensational singing" -- trib live read the review "bubbles over with charm and personality" -- onstage pittsburgh read the review la traviata is "as good as it gets!" read review emily richter wins at the metropolitan opera laffont competition! learn more uber to the opera! pittsburgh opera launches free uber voucher program learn more "pittsburgh opera adds ‘proving up’ to its list of season’s successes" -- onstage pittsburgh read the review 2024-25 season announcement! learn more resident artist fran daniel laucerica talks about ‘proving up' with onstage pittsburgh read the interview talk pittsburgh interviews cast of iphigénie watch interview onstage pittsburgh interviews emily richter read the interview post-gazette's jeremy reynolds on inflation and the arts read the article up next: two intimate operas created 237 years apart learn more "waves of majestic sound..." says onstage pittsburgh read the review "pittsburgh opera’s talent is outstanding," says entertainment central pittsburgh read the review post-gazette previews the flying dutchman read the preview onstage pittsburgh interviews tenor bryan register (erik) about the flying dutchman read the interview barber is "a cracking reminder of the magic of the opera" read the review the barber of seville is "decidedly brilliant." read the review pittsburgh opera and wqed-fm open up the audio vaults to give you a daily dose of opera! learn more the hottest gin joint in pittsburgh is at our annual diamond horseshoe celebration! learn more pittsburgh opera is proud to announce its 2023-24 resident artists learn more "works that dare to speak the truth..." —seen & heard international read the review we shall not be moved is "a decided winner" says onstage pittsburgh read the review moved is "really, really good" says pittsburgh magazine read the review kirstin chávez, mezzo-soprano, talks to onstage pittsburgh about moved read the interview tony award-winner & kennedy center honoree bill t. jones directs and choreographs upcoming opera read the interview "this 65-minute piece floored me" says the incline read the review denis & katya is "a fast-paced hour of high drama" says post-gazette read the review "the stage resounds with bold voice" says entertainment central pittsburgh read the review il trovatore "melodiously exuberant and rhythmically impassioned" says onstage pittsburgh read the review prev 1 2 3 next 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera