pittsburgh opera: auditions | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more auditions about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec pittsburgh opera holds auditions for principal roles, chorus, orchestra, supernumeraries, and the pittsburgh opera’s resident artist training program on a regular basis. madama butterfly child supernumerary download the full casting call here. pittsburgh opera is seeking a child to play the role of “trouble” in our production of madama butterfly , to be performed at the benedum center in march 2025. this part is a simple but crucial role in the narrative of this wrenching story. seeking an asian, pacific islander identifying child, no gender preference (however, please note, they will be costumed as a male/boy-presenting character).  though the story specifies a boy three years old, we expect to cast a child of five (5) or six (6) years, ideally small in stature. we are looking to cast two children. specific performances tbd, but you must be available for all rehearsals and performances. we may choose one child, with a second one as an alternate in case of illness. if auditioning, you must be available for all scheduled calls (rehearsals and performances). the child appears in the latter half of the opera and is on stage at the very end. as such, some rehearsals and performances will end as late as 11pm. the tentative schedule is subject to change. we will also have additional times needed for costume fittings; typically, one to two sessions lasting 30-60 minutes. auditions will be held on wednesday, february 12 starting at 4:00pm and may involve basic theater games, following basic instructions and working with adult actors. there is no singing or speaking requirement. sign up for an audition here! supernumerary opportunities pittsburgh opera supernumerary opportunities have you ever wanted to dance with carmen, serve at the café momus, or simply be onstage at the benedum center? apply to become a supernumerary! what is a supernumerary? a supernumerary—or “super”— is a non-singing, non-speaking role, much like an extra in film and television. supers may perform as townspeople, guards, servants, and much more, providing silent but essential support to pittsburgh opera’s productions. supers will share the stage with internationally renowned artists, work with celebrated directors and conductors, and experience the magic of opera from the benedum center stage. stage experience is helpful but not required, and all super positions are filled on a voluntary basis. individuals of all ages, races, ethnicities, genders, and abilities are welcome and encouraged to apply. pittsburgh opera supernumerary general information our larger productions will be presented at the benedum center in downtown pittsburgh. staging rehearsals will take place at pittsburgh opera’s bitz opera factory in the strip district. pittsburgh opera’s supernumeraries are enthusiastic and dependable. supers are required to attend approximately 10-15 rehearsals, generally nights and weekends, as well as all performances. the occasional daytime rehearsal may be scheduled. supers are paid a small honorarium of $100 and receive two (2) complimentary tickets, subject to availability. we are not able to offer housing or union credit for these roles. how do i apply? follow the link below to complete an application. no phone calls please. pittsburgh opera supernumerary application please complete the application and submit a recent full-body photo. applicants will be added to the pittsburgh opera database and will be contacted via email as opportunities become available. if it has been over two years since you last applied, you can update your information by filling out a new application. if you would like to remove your name from the pittsburgh opera supernumerary database, please email kmartin@pittsburghopera.org. principal roles principal roles pittsburgh opera conducts general auditions every december in new york city and by appointment in pittsburgh. these auditions are not associated with any future repertoire, but are for general purposes only. to be considered for an audition, send a cover letter, resume, photo and/or recording via us mail or e-mail to: robert boldin , director of artistic operations pittsburgh opera 2425 liberty avenue pittsburgh, pa 15222. we regret that we are not able to audition all who submit materials and only selected applicants will be contacted for auditions. applications are accepted from both represented and non-represented singers. pittsburgh opera resident artists pittsburgh opera resident artists see additional information about pittsburgh opera’s resident artist training program, including audition information . 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera