pittsburgh opera: employment and internships | pittsburgh opera give now login calendar this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. about about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more seasons seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons free & low cost events special events madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more tickets tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more support support ways to give individual giving sustaining giving corporate giving matching gift program advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign volunteer madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more education education educators students schools families adults resources mobile app bravo academy madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more resident artists resident artists 2024-25 resident artists faculty & administration auditions resident artist alumni madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more our team our team board of directors staff orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera pittsburgh opera new guard site credits madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more facilities facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours madama butterfly in this groundbreaking new production created by an all japanese and japanese american creative team, madama butterfly’s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect. benedum center mar 22-30 learn more employment & internships about opera mythbusting mission & history inclusion, diversity, equity, accessibility (idea) financial documents seasons madama butterfly woman with eyes closed la boheme fellow travelers curlew river time to act falstaff past seasons the barber of seville the flying dutchman iphigénie en tauride proving up la traviata the passion of mary cardwell dawson rusalka the marriage of figaro ariodante il trovatore denis & katya we shall not be moved the magic flute the rose elf in a grove carmen blue free & low cost events song shop concerts family day pre-opera talks meet the artists community concerts allegheny county summer concert series wqed broadcasts special events diamond horseshoe pittsburgh opera fashion show maecenas tickets subscribe today opus pass group tickets promotions and discounts student tickets cheap seats give the gift of opera ticketing info & policies accessibility opera faqs free rideshare vouchers free childcare services support ways to give individual giving membership galaxy society sustaining giving corporate giving corporate partners solich piano at pittsburgh opera matching gift program matching gift faqs advertise with us foundation support government support planned giving monteverdi society forever campaign campaign goals join us volunteer education educators students schools families adults resources study guides recommended listening and reading lists mobile app bravo academy resident artists 2024-25 resident artists maeve berry shannon crowley lauryn davis dana kinney fran daniel laucerica erik nordstrom matthew soibelman audrey welsh faculty & administration robert boldin, director of artistic operations glenn lewis, head of music mark trawka, director of musical studies and chorus master james lesniak, associate coach/pianist auditions resident artist alumni our team board of directors staff christopher hahn, general director antony walker, music director orchestra chorus auditions employment & internships friends of pittsburgh opera fpo member login pittsburgh opera new guard site credits facilities bitz opera factory hold your event at pittsburgh opera production rentals office hours current media releases christopher hahn to retire after 2025-26 season pittsburgh opera announces its 87th season pittsburgh opera presents haydn’s 'armida' jan. 25–feb.2, 2025 pittsburgh opera presents drama, intrigue, murder and more this fall pittsburgh opera announces its 2024-25 resident artists music director antony walker receives 5-year contract extension pittsburgh opera to offer free childcare during la traviata matinee pittsburgh opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program emily richter a grand finals winner of metropolitan opera’s laffont competition close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec a typical day at the office? the 2018 diamond horseshoe ball. photo by andrew stein, pittsburgh post-gazette employment staff pittsburgh opera is currently seeking a part-time facilities & maintenance technician. details below. shared services pittsburgh opera is aiding the search for a pittsburgh cultural district shared services director. this position interacts with multiple pittsburgh opera departments and personnel. details below. internships pittsburgh opera is not currently seeking paid interns at this time. ambassadors learn about becoming one of our student ambassadors or voice teacher ambassadors below. part-time facilities & maintenance technician download a pdf of this job listing here. position description the facilities and maintenance technician is a member of the company’s operations and production team. they are responsible for the maintenance, cleanliness, security, and appearance of the building. the technician reports to the director of production and works closely with the production coordinator. position responsibilities the candidate will be responsible for diagnosing problems and making repairs in areas such as, but not limited to, electrical, plumbing, general carpentry, painting, cleaning, and maintenance related to buildings and grounds. act as point of contact for outside vendors performing repairs and maintenance at the bitz opera factory maintain inventory of building maintenance supplies maintain parking garage, landscaping, snow removal, public safety measures perform weekly and monthly checks of all building systems, including hvac, plumbing, lighting and safety systems set up and move tables, chairs, mobile stage, and other equipment perform larger repair and cleaning projects help maintain storage area organization and cleanliness qualifications ability to perform routine building maintenance knowledge of building systems (hvac, electrical, plumbing) and preventive maintenance experience in a customer service-oriented environment and flexibility to embrace change as it happens excellent interpersonal, organization, problem-solving, and management skills ability to lift 50 lb. and to climb, stoop, kneel, and crouch knowledge of industry safety standards schedule and pay structure the position’s schedule will depend on pittsburgh opera's needs and employee availability. the employee should expect and be available to work 20-25 hours per week. this position is a part-time non-exempt, with an hourly rate of $25 per hour. to appy please send a cover letter and resume to steven grair at facility staff search . the pittsburgh opera is a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organization and is an equal opportunity employer. pittsburgh cultural district shared services director download a pdf of this job listing here. in the early 2000s, the seven pittsburgh cultural district member organizations (august wilson african american cultural center, pittsburgh ballet theatre, pittsburgh clo, pittsburgh cultural trust, pittsburgh opera, pittsburgh public theater, and pittsburgh symphony orchestra) established a shared services (“shs”) department, housed at the pittsburgh cultural trust . working collaboratively with the seven members, the shared services director (the “director”) leads the shs department and its initiatives. core projects and programs currently include: 1) joint marketing projects and contracts, including a shared data base, and shared promotions and programs to attract new ticket buyers 2) program books advertising sales, reporting, and administration 3) joint insurance purchase project (medical, dental, vision, life, and disability) 4) shared human resources services and contract and 5) joint office supplies purchasing program (currently, relatively dormant). additionally, a major duty of the director, and key to the success of shs, is supporting the consensus-driven decision-making and active participation of the members’ leaders. finally, a significant responsibility of the director will be to coordinate a deep assessment of the current projects and, as needed and in agreement with the members, develop and implement strategic changes and new initiatives. much of the current structure and projects originated in the early 2000s. there have been few substantive changes over the last two decades, despite major shifts and changing priorities for the organizations, including those relating to the pandemic. full details of this position, including salary range and how to apply, can be found in this pdf . about pittsburgh opera internships the pittsburgh opera internship program seeks mutually beneficial relationships with individual interns who are interested in opera, whether from an artistic or an organizational perspective. each intern will be provided with opportunities to be creative, to accomplish real-life work that furthers the mission of pittsburgh opera, and to develop personally and professionally. in return, pittsburgh opera will receive valuable assistance that contributes significantly to the organization’s goals. internships run at various times throughout the year and are available in several areas, including development, artistic, production, and education. to apply for an internship, please send a letter of intent, resume, and a letter of reference from an academic advisor to: internship programs kristin gatch, executive assistant pittsburgh opera 2425 liberty avenue pittsburgh, pa 15222 no phone calls, please. student ambassadors become a student ambassador! now is a perfect time to become a student ambassador, spreading the word about pittsburgh opera and enjoying exclusive benefits!  established by five intrepid women in 1939, pittsburgh opera is viewed as one of the most vibrant opera organizations in the u.s., with a rich artistic tradition, outstanding educational programs, and a progressive outlook toward the future that we want you to be a part of. even if you don’t know much about opera (yet!), if you’re outgoing and enthusiastic then we’d love to work with you. for those interested in a career in arts marketing or education, becoming a student ambassador is great opportunity to gain firsthand experience while enhancing your resume.  student ambassadors will be asked to hang posters on campus and to be a presence at campus fairs/events.  most importantly, we want to hear your ideas about how best to share pittsburgh opera with your fellow students. as a pittsburgh opera student ambassador, you’ll receive: a pair of complimentary tickets to each benedum center production a free membership to the new guard, pittsburgh opera’s young professional network networking opportunities with pittsburgh opera staff and other student ambassadors if you can entice your fellow students to buy tickets over the course of the season, you can earn even more benefits ! 5+ tickets – get the star treatment with a pair of vip seats at the song shop concert of your choice 15+ tickets – see the show before anyone else with an invite to a benedum center show final dress rehearsal please contact us via email letting us know why you would make a great ambassador and an example of how you’d like to promote the opera on campus. we look forward to hearing from you! voice teacher ambassador pittsburgh opera knows that the opera stars we love to see on stage would never be able to share the beauty and thrill of the operatic voice without the teachers that helped them along the way. we want to share our love for all voice teachers out there and connect with those who love opera singers as much as we do. pittsburgh opera’s voice teacher ambassador program is a new initiative designed for teachers both locally and beyond to enjoy exclusive benefits, share their perspective, and help continue to spread the operatic joy that pittsburgh opera is dedicated to bringing to the public. established by five intrepid women in 1939, pittsburgh opera is viewed as one of the most vibrant opera organizations in the u.s., with a rich artistic tradition, outstanding educational programs, and a progressive outlook toward the future that we want you to be a part of. whether you are a seasoned professor working in a university or run a dedicated private vocal studio, if you are enthusiastic about developing the voices of the world’s opera divas then we’d love to work with you. voice teacher ambassadors will be asked to share pittsburgh opera’s digital season of free operatic performances with their students and, as we return to in-person live theater, encourage their students to visit our stages and experience our productions first hand (special student priced tickets are always available). most importantly, we want to hear your ideas about how best to share pittsburgh opera with your students. please contact us via email to discuss. we look forward to hearing from you! as a pittsburgh opera voice teacher ambassador, you’ll receive: complimentary tickets to opening night of each of our benedum center productions free admission to our opera up close programs, which offer an in-depth look at the upcoming production with the artists that make them happen complimentary access to select master classes throughout the season access to complimentary “equity, diversity, and inclusion (edi) in the arts” workshops virtual and in-person networking participation in surveys and “think tanks” with other industry professionals access to select educational resources 2425 liberty ave. pittsburgh, pa 15222 p. 412-281-0912 follow us on facebook follow us on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter follow us on facebook contact us directions & parking auditions employment media releases privacy policy site map board of directors login buy tickets give now subscribe ©2025 pittsburgh opera