view our exhibitions - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us view our exhibitions where else can you see dinosaurs and the art of andy warhol? toss in a world war ii submarine, original monets and degas, life-size casts of some of the world’s great architecture, and two of the largest displays of robots and the science of sports on the planet. and that’s just what makes us permanently interesting. our museums also create and host dozens of special exhibitions each year. carnegie museum of art canvasing the world’s art right here in pittsburgh. carnegie museum of natural history dinosaurs. lions, tigers, and bears. and egyptian mummies, too. carnegie science center where science and technology connect with everyday life. the andy warhol museum where the world comes to see and learn about andy. more things to do nights at the museums nights at the museums sleepovers, adults-only fun, stargazing, and more! learn with us learn with us from curious preschoolers to art-loving great-grandparents and every age and interest in between, carnegie museums is the destination for lifelong learning. explore our collections explore our collections some 22 million scientific specimens and 40,000 art objects are the inspiration for our research, exhibits, and educational programs. carnegie museums from home carnegie museums from home your museums are here for you. we have so many creative resources you can access anytime, anywhere. carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate