plan a visit - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us plan a visit carnegie museums of art and natural history address: 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 412.622.3131 hours: mon., wed., fri.-sun. 10 a.m.–5 p.m. thurs.: 10 a.m.–8 p.m.; closed tuesdays holidays/closings: the museums are closed on easter, thanksgiving, christmas, and new year’s day. admission: plan your next visit with timed ticketing . adults: $25 seniors (65+): $20 students with id/children age 3–18: $15 members/children 2 and under: free weekdays after 3 p.m .: half-price admission special offers: see discounts and offers for active u.s. military, students, teachers, and more. parking: our parking garage is located just behind the museum. parking at the museums is now based on hourly rates , and guests will pull a ticket from the parking machines upon entry. upon exiting, guests will have the option to pay with mobile pay via a qr code on ticket, at one of two pay stations , or at the exit gate . cash is not an accepted form of payment for parking. see our parking rates we offer designated accessible spaces in the garage for visitors with disabilities. the clearance is six feet, eight inches. if you need alternate arrangements in advance for oversized vehicles, please call us at 412.622.3131 , 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., monday through friday. dining: café carnegie is open for on-site dining or for takeout on monday, tuesday, wednesday, friday, saturday, and sunday from 11 a.m.-3 p.m., thursday 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. and the coffee and wine bar is open monday, tuesday wednesday, friday, saturday, and sunday from 9a.m.-5 p.m., thursday 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. fossil fuels is open monday, wednesday, thursday, and friday 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., tuesday 8 a.m. to 2 p.m., saturday, sunday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. accessibility: the museums are continually working to make programs and exhibitions accessible to all visitors. carnegie science center address: one allegheny avenue pittsburgh, pa 15212 412.237.3400 hours: open daily 10 a.m.–5 p.m.; closed tuesdays closings/holidays: closed thanksgiving, christmas, and dates of home steelers games and other major events at acrisure stadium. see the science center’s museum hours page for complete details. admission: plan your next visit with timed ticketing . see pricing . special offers: see discounts and offers . parking: $6 per vehicle. you can use the pay station to pay for parking at the beginning of your visit, as you are leaving, or any time in between. dining: the river view café is open from 10 a.m.-3 p.m. accessibility: the museums are continually working to make programs and exhibitions accessible to all visitors. carnegie museums visitor conduct policy the andy warhol museum address: 117 sandusky street pittsburgh, pa 15212-5890 412.237.8300 hours: mon., wed., thurs., sat., sun. 10 a.m.–5 p.m. fri. 10 a.m.–10 p.m. (half price 5–10 p.m.) closed tuesdays holidays/closings: the museum is closed on easter, thanksgiving, christmas, and new year’s day. admission: plan your next visit with timed ticketing . adults: $25 students with valid id: $13 seniors (65+): $13 children (3-18): $13 members/children 2 and under: free fridays 5–10 p.m.: half-price admission special offers: half-priced admission from 5–10 p.m. every friday. see additional discounts and offers . parking: museum parking is located one block north of the museum on sandusky street ($8). additional public parking is available behind the museum in the general robinson street parking garage (average $6, prices may vary during nearby stadium events). dining: the warhol café is open during museum hours and accessible without museum admission. accessibility: the museums are committed to providing excellent experiences for all visitors. learn more about accessibility accommodations . carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate