member events - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us member events join & support > membership > member events joining the carnegie museums member community gives you special access to members-only events, tours, previews, and discounts. thank you for being a member! and, if you’re not a member, please consider joining today! questions about any of the events listed? contact our membership team or corporate membership team . upcoming events 2024 recorded events 2023 recorded events 2022 recorded events 2021 recorded events 2020 recorded events upcoming events teen night: mars carnegie science center fri., march 7 6–9 p.m. free for teens! join carnegie museums of pittsburgh for a night just for teens at carnegie science center’s teen night: mars! explore mars: the next giant leap®, participate in astronomy-themed activities, and enjoy light snacks with your friends at this exclusive event for teens ages 13–18. join us teen membership is generously supported by the grable foundation and the robert and mary weisbrod foundation senior social: pop generation the andy warhol museum monday, march 10 9 a.m. – 12 p.m. senior social: pop generation is a series of events exclusively presented for members ages 65 and over. throughout the year, senior members can join the warhol staff for lectures, artmaking activities, and gallery talks that utilize the museum’s one of a kind collection and special exhibitions. this edition of senior social: pop generation will focus on andy warhol’s approach to portraiture. meet and mingle over refreshments, explore the permanent collection of the museum, and enjoy a lecture about the “moving portraits” that warhol created as part of his filmmaking practice. this event is free for carnegie museums members . * this event will offer the same content as the december 2024 senior social: pop generation. sold out andy warhol, still-life (flowers) , 1950s,the andy warhol museum, pittsburgh; founding collection, contribution the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. © the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. 1998.1.1745 senior membership is generously supported by eat’n park. uprooted: plants out of place members event carnegie museum of natural history thursday, march 20 6–8 p.m. members are invited to explore the human impacts of invasive species in the groundbreaking new exhibition, uprooted: plants out of place . discover how a century of plant introductions has altered our landscape and experience the artwork of celebrated photographer koichi watanabe. limited spots available teen sensory friendly silent disco the andy warhol museum saturday, march 22 6 – 8 p.m. put on your most comfortable party outfit and join our welcoming staff for a sensory-friendly evening of dancing, socializing, and artmaking. this event is planned specifically to support the enjoyment of individuals with autism spectrum disorders and those with sensory sensitivities. a live dj will spin dance classics and our adjustable wireless headphones allow participants to choose their own volume levels or opt out. there will be an enclosed sensory friendly area on the first floor where partygoers can decompress or connect in a calm manner. the underground studio will be open for guests to enjoy silkscreen printing and other art projects. snacks and drinks will also be available. the event is open to teens (up to 18 years old) and their families. join us sponsored by the jack buncher foundation teen membership is generously supported by the grable foundation and the robert and mary weisbrod foundation senior social: midday musings carnegie museum of natural history thursday, march 27, 2025 noon – 4:00 p.m. looking for an exciting way to spend your afternoon? carnegie museum of natural history invites you to explore nature throughout the museum with an open house featuring activities for seniors. dinosaurs! mammals! gems! minerals! botany! birds!  world cultures! meet some of the museum’s natural history interpreters and journey through carnegie museum of natural history’s most historic, scientifically significant, and beloved collections. coffee, tea, and light snacks will be available in the senior social lounge. open to members ages 65+. sold out community access membership is presented by: senior membership is generously supported by eat’n park. youth exhibition opening celebration carnegie museum of art saturday, april 12 family preview and sensory friendly viewing, 2–3 p.m. public reception, 3–5 p.m. come celebrate the artwork of young artists throughout the pittsburgh region who have been learning and creating alongside artwork, artists, and educators at carnegie museum of art throughout the 2024–2025 school year. the exhibition features artwork by artists who have participated in our programs, including the art connection, youth art studio, and museum makers. the youth artists exhibition takes place in the hall of architecture from april 11–21, 2025. join us 2024 recorded events when we’re able, we’re recording virtual content created just for members. due to copyright restrictions, we’re unable to record virtual events that show artworks not in the public domain. closed-captioning is available for all videos by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. borneo wakeup call: the frogs of mahua join associate curator of amphibians and reptiles jennifer sheridan in the field as she details the previous night’s explorations: recording frog calls and collecting specimens. this livestream will also highlight sheridan’s favorite frog species and the other fauna that help make borneo one of the most biodiverse places on the planet. recorded october 14, 2024 watch video borneo wakeup call: the frogs of the crocker range join associate curator of amphibians and reptiles jennifer sheridan in the field. this livestream will bring you to a new field site, one that is rich in the possibility of new data and discoveries. tune in to learn more about how specimens get from the field to the museum and the impact collecting has on conservation efforts and public education. recorded october 21, 2024 watch video expedition borneo: fantastic frogs and where we found them it’s a wrap! join carnegie museum of natural history’s associate curator of amphibians and reptiles jennifer sheridan as she gives a frog-filled debrief on her recent adventures in borneo. she’ll share firsthand accounts of all the travel stories, nighttime discoveries, and unique encounters with mother nature over her two-week journey through the bornean rainforests. learn what it’s like to be a scientist working in the field, including where the team slept, what they ate, and how they conducted research on the other side of the world. recorded nov. 13, 2024 watch video virtual star party join kayla waugaman, producer & observatory coordinator at the buhl, for a meteor shower marathon! kayla will discuss the 10+ meteor showers occurring throughout november and december, listing their peaks and rates per hour. during this tour of our night sky, you’ll discover how these showers are formed and how to spot them as they reach their peaks from your own backyard. recorded nov. 7, 2024 watch video virtual owl prowl it’s that time of year again—when our intrepid scientists at powdermill nature reserve trek through the grounds of the laurel highlands in search of some of our region’s most elusive and fascinating avian residents. with experts annie lindsay and luke degroote as your guides, join the hunt for our noctural neighbors from the comforts of home. they’ll check pnr’s specifically designed owl nets for migrating northern saw-whet owls, and along the way, share their knowledge on the adaptations that make these birds the ultimate nighttime hunters. recorded nov. 6, 2024 watch video zoom in: found objects: from rocks to soup cans from the first cave paintings of prehistory to contemporary objects and modern inventions, humans have found beauty in common items and familiar locations. carnegie museum of art’s collection holds numerous examples of art created from ordinary materials—copper, wood, natural fibers, disposed plastic, and stones. found objects: from rocks to soup cans shines a spotlight on these unique pieces, exploring how artists throughout history have infused the everyday, the commonplace, and the mundane with meaning and life. you are invited to join carnegie museum of art’s talented docents for this virtual examination of the earthy, stony, and plastic examples of found object art housed in our galleries and archives. from the comfort of home, you’ll gain unique insights, see a curated selection of works in remarkable detail, and contribute to our continued evaluation of found object art with your own questions and perspectives. recorded oct. 8, 2024 watch video jessica stockholder, js 462, 2008, gift of anne and joel ehrenkranz © artist or artist’s estate expedition borneo: what to know before we go join carnegie museum of natural history’s curator of amphibians & reptiles jen sheridan for a frog-filled expedition briefing that will take you from the streets of pittsburgh to the rainforests of borneo. teeming with biodiversity, borneo is a treasure trove for scientists studying all kinds of life, from the world’s tallest trees to the tiny frogs that are the focus of sheridan’s research. no need to pack your bags to discover the “who,” “what,” “where,” and “why,” of sheridan’s two-week journey. you’ll learn more about her plans to record frog calls, collect specimens, and conduct studies that will increase our understanding of human impact on natural places rich in biodiversity. recorded sept. 25, 2024 watch video dippy & friends it’s the 125th anniversary of the discovery of carnegie museum of natural history’s beloved dippy, the giant sauropod dinosaur diplodocus carnegii, and we’re throwing a “gotcha day” party! what other dinosaurs would dippy invite? which would be left off the guest list? join cmnh dinosaur curator, matt lamanna, to learn about apatosaurus, stegosaurus, allosaurus, and other amazing animals that shared dippy’s world some 150 million years ago in what’s now the rocky mountain region of north america. recorded july 23, 2024 watch video virtual star party pittsburgh may be known for cloudy skies, but the buhl planetarium has you covered for clear stargazing this summer. to learn all about comets, join carnegie science center’s buhl planetarium team on june 12 for a tour of our night sky—one without light pollution. discover what to look out for this month, including the june bootid meteor shower and comet 13p/olbers. kayla waugaman, producer & observatory coordinator at the buhl, will explain all the astronomical jargon you need to know as you uncover all the intricacies that go into studying meteors, stars, and everything glistening in our cosmos. there’s no better way to stargaze from the comfort of your home! recorded june 12, 2024 watch video looking closely: lessons from carnegie museums’ “natural history art” collection in 1973, the “m. graham netting animal portraiture collection” was established through a grant by the scaife family charitable trusts. in the years that followed, graham netting, former director and curator of amphibians and reptiles at carnegie museum of natural history, used these funds to build an eccentric collection of hundreds of prints, drawings, paintings, photographs, and archival ephemera by natural history staff, scientists, naturalists, illustrators, and other makers. deirdre m. smith, teaching assistant professor of museum studies, university of pittsburgh; assistant curator, carnegie museum of natural history will share images and stories from the collection, exploring what it can teach audiences today about the history of the museum, and the history of art and science. recorded may 9, 2024 watch video winifred austen, golden orioles (1909), watercolor on board, 20 x 27 in., nha 28.266 a very andy show and tell next month, we will be celebrating our very own andy warhol museum’s 30th anniversary. did you know there is another museum dedicated solely to the artist over 4,500 miles away in slovakia? andy warhol museum of modern art in medzilaborce (mmuaw) opened in 1991, making it the first museum in the world to be dedicated entirely to the pop artist. mmuaw focuses its galleries on the life and work of warhol as well as other contemporary artists who personally knew him such as keith haring and jean-michell basquiat. amongst authentic artifacts like andy’s snakeskin jacket, prayer book, and cassette player, the museum’s most valuable piece is the warhol brothers’ authentic baptismal gown, which andy and both of his brothers wore during their baptisms. in 2016, the andy warhol museum of modern art celebrated its 25th anniversary and donald warhola, andy warhol’s nephew, visited the museum with his family on this special occassion. click to hear about donald’s experience at mmuaw along with his personal stories about uncle andy — all in celebration of the andy warhol museum’s 30th anniversary this may! recorded april 25, 2024 watch video march mammal madness the producers of march mammal madness 2024 have put together an amazing lineup of combatants for this year’s event, including mammals and non-mammals. there are even poisonous plants! as curator of mammals at carnegie museum of natural history, john wible repeats the same question that he asks each year: will this be the year that a non-mammal finally wins the tournament? formidable non-mammal combatants include the giant squid and great white shark. yikes! fan favorites include the sparklemuffin peacock spider and lucy, australopithecus afarensis, an early member of the human family tree. who will win between the chestnut-headed bee-eater (a bird) versus a bee! john will discuss the history of winners and losers of the 12 prior march mammal madness events and preview the 2024 finals. recorded april 2, 2024 watch video zoom in: titled/untitled what’s it all about? carnegie museum of art has a vast collection of over 100,000 art pieces spanning thousands of years from hundreds of artists around the world. there is so much more than you think when it comes to titling or “un-titling” a work of art. join a talented team of docents as they explore the importance of titling artwork, where titles come from, the meaning of “untitled,” and more. join us and enjoy the museum’s diverse and intriguing collection of art all from the comfort of your own home! recorded tuesday, march 19, 2024 watch video installation view of the lenka clayton/jon rubin collaborative work fruit and other things from the 2018 carnegie international. 2023 recorded events when we’re able, we’re recording virtual content created just for members. due to copyright restrictions, we’re unable to record virtual events that show artworks not in the public domain. closed-captioning is available for all videos by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. zoom in: the neapolitan presepio immerse yourself in the captivating world of carnegie museum of art’s neapolitan presepio with curatorial assistant alyssa velazquez. ‘zoom in’ from the comfort of your home as she guides you through the enchanting world of 18th-century naples, delving into the history, art, and tradition encapsulated in these miniature marvels. join us on tuesday, december 12 at 7 p.m. for this immersive experience, where the past comes alive on your screen, offering a rich understanding of both art and museum tradition. recorded tuesday, december 12, 2023 watch video virtual owl prowl join us from the comfort of your home as we travel 55 miles southeast of pittsburgh to the beautiful woodlands of powdermill nature reserve, home of the powdermill avian research center, also known as parc. over 60 years ago parc took flight and has since become nationally known as one of the longest-running, year-round, professional bird banding operations in the country, celebrating a major milestone of banding 700,000 birds just a few years ago! close out the 2023 bird-banding season in the field with two of our wonderful powdermill scientists, annie lindsay and luke degroote, while we learn more about the owls that call our region home. get a behind-the-scenes look at powdermill science in action as they search for our nocturnal yet bewitching feathered friends in this year’s virtual owl prowl. recorded friday, nov. 17, 2023 watch video virtual star party 2023 fly to the far reaches of the galaxy to the stars over pittsburgh at carnegie science center’s buhl planetarium! this guided interstellar journey of the constellations found in the november night sky will surely delight, educate, and inspire members of all ages. the galaxy is ours in this virtual star party! recorded tuesday, nov. 14, 2023 watch video the past, present and future of our anthropology collection: a discussion with the new collection manager with over 100,000 objects from around the world, carnegie museum of natural history’s ethnographic collections are a source of knowledge and inspiration. becoming fully acquainted with the breadth of this collection can take a lifetime; a journey that its new collection manager, kristina gaugler, is excited to begin. learn more about her background, as well as an introduction to some of the collection’s notable anthropological objects, the many new projects underway, and the vision for the future of the collection. this zoom event is hosted by carnegie discoverers, whose members share a passion for discovery and adventure, and are enthusiastic supporters of carnegie museum of natural history. recorded thursday, sept. 14, 2023 watch video zoom in: california dreamers: art inspired by the west coast no travel is required to join the carnegie museum of art docents as they take a journey out west to ‘zoom in’ on the art and artists of california. whether native born or a transplant to the golden state, many artists have collectively created an imaginative environment unique to the west coast. natural elements, built environments, and a diversity of lifestyles have all inspired innovative and experimental forays in a range of art media. recorded tuesday, sept. 12, 2023 watch video zoom in: portraits in the collection portraits date back at least 5,000 years ago to ancient egypt, where a painting or sculpture was the only way to record the appearance of a person. since then, painting, sculpture, and photography have created a world where a human face can be represented in nearly any medium—from a block of wood to a monochrome photograph. be it clay, metal, oil, a disposable camera, or the phone in your hand—the subject stays the same. join lucy stewart, senior manager of lifelong learning, as she ‘zooms in’ on portraiture within the carnegie museum of art’s collection and illuminates the world of likenesses, visages, profiles, and “windows to the soul.” recorded tuesday july11, 2023 watch video photo credits: gertrude kasebier, portrait (miss n.) (detail), 1903; john singer sargent, portrait of a boy (detail), 1890; jean metzinger, man with pipe (detail), ca. 1912, gift of g. david thompson © artist or artist’s estate / licensed by artists rights society (ars), new york / adagp, paris; gertrude kasebier, portrait (miss n.) (detail), 1903; charles “teenie” harris, charlene foggie in light colored dress, standing next to jacquard chair, on her first birthday (detail), 1959. the art of giving, according to warhol andy warhol: an american visual artist, film director, producer, originator of the pop art movement, and, importantly, a philanthropic visionary. in 1987, upon the unexpected passing of warhol at 58, the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts was born from his will, dedicating nearly his entire estate to the cause of helping future generations of artists. join donald warhola, the vice president and board member of the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, on a deep dive into the influential work the foundation does for museums around the world while preserving warhol’s legacy through creative and responsible licensing policies and extensive scholarly research for ongoing cataloging projects. recorded thursday may 25, 2023 watch video mars mythology he is the god of war, guardian of agriculture, spring, fertility, virility, and bounteous nature. he is mars. mars—or as the ancient greeks originally called him, ares—begins as the god of bloodshed, not widely admired (unsurprisingly) by his fellow olympians or us earthly mortals. however, once rome comes about, ares gets a rebrand to become mars, the emblem of rome’s military dominance and a symbol of its overall prosperity and success. not all that dissimilar from how mars the planet has transitioned from being the (imagined) home to hostile alien invaders to humankind’s (possible) new benefactor. join us for this exclusive and illuminating journey through mythology and history as we explore the many stories of mars with dr. andrew korzeniewski! recorded april 20, 2023 watch video expedition patagonia: a welcome home wrap-up join carnegie museums as we say “¡bienvenidos a casa!” to our amazing team of scientists for this online event open to all! hear directly from mary r. dawson associate curator of vertebrate paleontology dr. matt lamanna and curatorial assistant linsly church about the surprises, delights, and discoveries of their 3-week adventure in patagonia. what fossils were unearthed? what were the “accommodations” like out in the field? what kinds of challenges did mother nature have in store for the team? find out during this recap of our incredible journey. hadrosaurs, titanosaurs, and megaraptors (oh, my!). get the behind-the-scenes scoop on the expedition with a debrief and public q&a featuring dr. matt lamanna and linsly church. recorded march 28, 2023 watch video expedition patagonia: what to know before we go maybe you’ve heard the exciting news? carnegie museum of natural history’s vertebrate paleontology team is headed south for a fossil-filled expedition to the distant region of patagonia. learn about the “who”, “what”, “where” and “why” of this incredible trip from dr. matt lamanna and linsly church. you’ll also get the inside scoop on how to stay engaged with these scientists throughout their 3-week hunt for dinosaurs. we’ll then turn it over to our audience for all of your burning questions. recorded february 13, 2023 watch video for more information about livestreams from patagonia check out our expedition patagonia landing page. zoom in: tea with king tutankhamun at the winter palace hotel many know parts of the story of the 1922 discovery of king tutankhamun’s tomb in egypt’s the valley of the kings. there was the thrill of discovery, the “glint of gold,” and the rumors of a mummy’s curse. there was, and still is, a lot of conflict surrounding the discovery itself. to whom did it belong? where should the artifacts go? who gets to decide? the fight for king tutanhkamun’s tomb would be waged by european and american men in locales as humble as a tiny tomb in the earth and as opulent as the winter palace hotel in nearby luxor. join carnegie museums and dr. kathleen sheppard for this exclusive journey into the role of egyptian hotels in the creation, manipulation, and dissemination of egyptological knowledge! recorded january 19, 2023 watch video 2022 recorded events when we’re able, we’re recording virtual content created just for members. due to copyright restrictions, we’re unable to record virtual events that show artworks not in the public domain. zoom in: the neapolitan presepio join carnegie museums from home for our final virtual event of 2022 as we take a closer look at the neapolitan presepio. a centuries-old tradition in naples and southern italy, the presepio is an elaborate nativity scene recreated with miniature figures arranged in a detailed panorama of 18th-century life in naples. carnegie museum of art’s curatorial assistant of decorative arts and design, alyssa velazquez, will guide us through the superbly modeled humans, animals, angelic figures, and architectural elements which have made this artwork a pittsburgh holiday tradition since 1957. recorded thursday, december 15 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. powdermill owl prowl as the late autumn chill sets in the air and the nights grow longer still, it’s a fine time to celebrate our nocturnal feathered friends. we’re pleased to invite you to join annie lindsay and lucas degroote, two of our wonderful scientists at powdermill nature reserve, for a one-of-a-kind owl prowl event! learn more about the wonderful owls that call our region home and get an exclusive behind-the-scenes peek at powdermill science in action as annie and lucas search for these elusive and spellbinding birds in real time. no scarf or gloves required: you can take in this zoom event right from the comforts of home! recorded saturday, november 12 watch video biomechanics in humans and nature carnegie museums of pittsburgh invites you to join kevin hart, ph.d. analytical method development scientist ii at cook myosite, and john wible, curator of mammals at carnegie museum of natural history as they uncover the astonishing complexities between the human body and the animal kingdom, featuring the wondrous exhibition nature’s amazing machines, currently on view at carnegie museum of natural history. recorded thursday, october 27 watch video bigger, stranger, and (maybe) scarier than t. rex: meat-eating dinosaurs from the southern continents almost everyone knows about t. rex, but did you know that even larger and weirder carnivorous dinosaurs lived in the southern hemisphere continents at the same time? learn all about this menacing menagerie of meat-eaters from dr. matt lamanna, the dinosaur paleontologist at carnegie museum of natural history. dr. lamanna and his many collaborators have spent the past 24 years exploring the southern continents for dinosaur fossils, discovering lots of new species along the way. in the process, they’ve added to our understanding of the terrifying predators that called these continents home. recorded thursday, october 20 watch video sip & sketch with the andy warhol museum join local artist and educator emily paige armstrong from the comfort of your own home as you learn new drawing skills or build upon your own practice in this 90-minute life drawing class inspired by early works of andy warhol. in this event we will look at warhol’s life drawing abilities and learn how to draw a seasonal bouquet from life—all while adding a warholian twist. this event is for members of all ages at carnegie museums of pittsburgh as part of our members appreciation week celebration. recorded wednesday, october 19 watch video zoom in: backstory—carnegie internationals in context the 126-year history of the carnegie international is just as complex as it is long. discover pivotal moments in the exhibition’s history and the resulting impact on the building, on the city, and on our understanding of contemporary art. recorded tuesday, september 13 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. alexander calder’s, pittsburgh, installed in the grand staircase at the 1958 carnegie international. current location: pittsburgh international airport. from egypt to pittsburgh did you know 2022 marks the 100th anniversary of the excavation of tutankhamun’s tomb? what better way to celebrate than with an in-depth dive into carnegie museum of natural history’s upcoming exhibition, from egypt to pittsburgh ? join assistant curator, lisa saladino haney, as she explores a group of objects from the site of amarna—the ancient egyptian capital city founded by tutankhamun‘s father—and traces their journey into the museum‘s care. we can‘t wait to share from egypt to pittsburgh with you, so join us for this exclusive preview! recordedthursday, september 8 watch video zoom in: carnegie international – then and now established in 1896, the carnegie international is the longest-running north american exhibition of international art. organized every three to four years by carnegie museum of art, the international presents an overview of how art and artists respond to the critical questions of our time. join a talented team of docents for a closer look at the works of art displayed in carnegie internationals past and present. they’ll zoom in on the details in these contemporary masterpieces that you may otherwise miss in the galleries. recorded tuesday, july 12 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. installation view of alex da corte’s rubber pencil devil, from the 57th carnegie international at the carnegie museum of art. photo by bryan conley. musings of / my / self / as muse artist talk with maggie mullin o’hara maggie mullin o’hara is a multidisciplinary artist from pittsburgh, pennsylvania, currently based in columbia, south carolina. her work exists as a hybrid form, borrowing from the mediums of video, photography, performance, and installation. she currently serves as assistant professor of art in photography within the visual and performing arts department at south carolina state university. she has exhibited work both nationally and internationally. recorded thursday, july 7 watch video zoom in: free time – what’s your pleasure? how do we wind down from the business of our lives? fishing, picnics, mountain excursions, sewing, and hiking—each activity (among many others) has us looking forward to the weekend. but, what were the conditions that led workers to demand the creation of the “weekend?” how have people filled their hours with joy, relaxation, hobbies, and togetherness throughout history? walkthrough time and media to discover how artists have captured relaxation and recreation through the years. recorded tuesday, may 10 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. wayne thiebaud, boston creams (detail), 1970 © wayne thiebaud / licensed by licensed by artists rights society (ars), new york. birdsafe: beyond the looking glass smack! that’s the sound of a bird hitting a window—and you’ve probably heard it often. collisions with windows cause millions of bird fatalities every year. but now there’s new hope for birds thanks to scientists at powdermill nature reserve. listen as our researchers luke degroote and jon rice share their findings and efforts to make windows and pittsburgh safer for birds. recorded tuesday, april 26 watch video masters of disguise: unbecoming a caterpillar flutter into spring with kevin keegan, the new collection manager of invertebrate zoology, as he shares his expertise on some of the amazing ways caterpillars camouflage themselves and mimic those around them in their environments to avoid an untimely demise, reach metamorphosis, and transform into the beautiful moths and butterflies we admire all season long! recorded thursday, march 31 watch video zoom in: pivotal women artists this virtual tour illustrates how a handful of gutsy women made their mark in a male dominated world and changed the course of modern art. recorded tuesday, march 8 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. helen frankenthaler, the facade (detail), 1954, presumed copyright: the artist or the artist’s representative/heir(s) / licensed by artists rights society (ars), new york. the irish revolution in pittsburgh one hundred years ago, ireland’s war of independence helped end seven centuries of british rule. it also resulted in partition of the island and a civil war. about 14,000 irish immigrants lived in pittsburgh at the time, with tens of thousands more first-generation irish americans in the city and surrounding region. journalist mark holan will explore their reactions to what was happening in their homeland, including the visits of irish leaders to pittsburgh. pittsburgh native mark holan has researched and written about irish history and contemporary events for over a decade. his work has appeared in the pittsburgh post-gazette and pittsburgh quarterly magazine, in addition to other u.s. and irish publications and websites, including his blog, markholan.org. mark has presented original research at the american conference of irish studies, the american journalism historians association, and the newspaper and periodical history forum of ireland. recorded thursday, february 17 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. zoom in: light! the first virtual members tour of 2022 features light, that which makes our world visible. artists have always been attuned to light and its effects using light as subject matter, an artistic tool, and as a medium. please join us for this illuminating look at the carnegie museum of art’s collection. recorded tuesday, january 11 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. clyde hare, dawn fog on the ohio, 1983, william talbott hillman fund for photography © clyde hare. 2021 recorded events when we’re able, we’re recording virtual content created just for members. due to copyright restrictions, we’re unable to record virtual events that show artworks not in the public domain. zoom in: the neapolitan presepio this month’s member tour is getting an extra dash of holiday spirit and features a special guest from the carnegie museum of art! join curatorial assistant of decorative arts and design alyssa velazquez as she dives into the museum’s exquisite, handcrafted exhibit – the neapolitan presepio . find out why the presepio is one of the finest nativity scenes of its kind and see some of the amazing details that has made this 18th century artwork a pittsburgh holiday tradition since 1957. recorded tuesday, december 7 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. virtual star party ‘zoom’ through the constellations in this virtual tour of the cosmos with the staff of carnegie science center’s buhl planetarium. your expert guides will take you on an interstellar journey, from the far reaches of the galaxy to the stars over pittsburgh. specialized software will point the right way to the pleiades star cluster and other wonders in the november night sky. recorded tuesday, november 16 watch video virtual tour: marisol and warhol take new york this virtual tour focuses on the newest exhibition at the andy warhol museum, marisol and warhol take new york. born in paris to venezuelan parents, marisol (maria sol escobar) held a central position in the new york art scene and american pop movement. this presentation explores the artists’ parallel rises to success, the formation of their artistic personas, their savvy navigation of gallery relationships, and the blossoming of their early artistic practices from 1960 to 1968. recorded monday, november 15 watch video david mccabe, andy warhol and marisol with the empire state building (detail), 1965, the andy warhol museum, pittsburgh, contribution the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc., photograph by david mccabe backpacking bugs: an insect’s guide to hitchhiking crawling, scurrying, buzzing, and…hitchhiking?! our incredible curator of invertebrate zoology, ainsley seago, made a big splash with her zoom event on bug butts, and she’s back with another exciting, off-the-wall, and insightful look into the world of insect hitchhikers. what makes our fascinating insect neighbors hitch a ride on mammals (besides no access to taxis)? where are these insect travelers headed? do their mammal modes of transportation mind at all? find out when you join us for bug-based humor and fascinating discoveries as we “zoom” in on the wild and wonderful world of insect adventurers! recorded friday, november 12 watch video drawing workshop: sketching our collection can the next great american artist be found in your family? find out when you join teaching artist joke slagle in this exciting drawing workshop open to all ages and skillsets. all you need is any mark-making tool and drawing paper to join in on some simple and fun exercises while embarking on a colorful virtual tour of carnegie museum of art’s collection. recorded wednesday, november 10 watch video zoom in: when darkness falls this virtual member tour explores artworks that address what happens when the sun goes down. do you view evening as an escape or an opportunity? are the dead of night hours a time of productivity, sweet dreams, insomnia, or fear for you? this unique look at carnegie museum of art’s collection, presents artists’ various approaches to when darkness falls. recorded tuesday, nov. 9 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. aaron henry gorson, pittsburgh at night, ca. 1920 uncovering pompeii: new insights from the most recent excavations new revelations about one of history’s most famous cities are right at your fingertips in this one-of-a-kind virtual event. featuring unprecedented insights drawn from the most recent archaeological excavations, this presentation “zooms” in on pompeii to explore its urban planning and the everyday lives of the pompeiian sub-elite. recorded wednesday, october 27 watch video a very andy show and tell with donald warhola interested in learning something new about andy warhol? who better to ask than his nephew, donald warhola? gain new insights into everything warhol through a curated sampling of mementos, first-hand accounts, and beloved family stories. there’s always something to discover in the wide world of warhol! recorded thursday, october 21 watch video zoom in: if clothes could talk join us on zoom for a tour of carnegie museum of art’s collection as we explore the roles clothing and fashion play in the everyday, ceremonial, and creative parts of our lives. take in the craftsmanship on display in dozens of stunning, one-of-a-kind pieces that are sure to get you thinking about the ways clothing shapes our world. recorded sunday, october 10 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. iris van herpen, lucid, dress, 2016, women’s committee acquisition fund and the alan g. and jane a. lehman acquisition fund, presumed copyright: the artist or the artist’s representative/heir(s). octopuses and conches and clams, oh my! dive into the depths with curator of mollusks tim pearce and get acquainted with the fascinating mollusks that call the ocean home. you’ll meet a colorful variety of marine species including the intelligent octopus, the beautiful conch, and the hardy clam. recorded wednesday, september 22 watch video zoom in: looking: in, out, and through this virtual tour focuses on the ways we look at ourselves or the world through artworks that feature mirrors, windows, and doorways. a team of talented docents will zoom in on the details you may otherwise miss in the galleries and share stories about both new and familiar artists. recorded sunday, september 12 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. henry moore, reclining figure, 1957, gift of mr. and mrs. g. david thompson, in memory of david © the henry moore foundation charitable gifting strategies you deserve the maximum benefit for your charitable donations, which is why we’ve partnered with fort pitt capital group. in just one sitting, you’ll learn everything you need to know about the ins and outs of charitable giving and little-known methods to optimize your contributions. your generosity empowers carnegie museums; now let us return the favor! recorded tuesday, september 7 watch video this is your brain, this is your brain on money join fort pitt capital and the carnegie science center for an exploration of the human mind that will take you from wall street to the museum’s bodyworks exhibition. learn how your prefrontal cortex gets involved with making financial decisions, which common financial biases are just inherent survival instincts, and how science centers develop exhibits to teach visitors about the brain. recorded thursday, august 12 watch video zoom in: travel log travel logs are used by travelers to record their personal memories and experiences while having adventures abroad. join a talented team of carnegie museum of art docents for a virtual journey highlighting artists whose works tell stories about their international wanderings. they’ll zoom in on the details that you may otherwise miss in the galleries. recorded sunday, august 8 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. godfrey frankenstein, niagara falls from goat island, 1848, paintings acquisition fund and gift of dr. and mrs. i. golding, mr. and mrs. paul nussbaum, and dr. and mrs. john b. talbott birds of a feather: a pittsburgh bird watcher’s guide to ancient egypt calling all nature lovers and history buffs! do you enjoy birdwatching? are you fascinated with the wonders of ancient egypt? if you answered “yes” to either question, join resident egyptologist lisa haney and powdermill’s bird banding program manager annie lindsay as they discuss the significance of birds in ancient egyptian culture, and reveal where to spot their favorite species here in pittsburgh. recorded thursday, july 29 watch video zoom in: contemporary conversations this month’s virtual tour demystifies the complex and sometimes controversial nature of contemporary art. join carnegie museum of art’s talented team of docents as they look at earlier, more accessible works to help make sense of challenging contemporary pieces. they’ll zoom in on the details and uncover the richness of contemporary art. recorded sunday, july 11 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. eugène louis boudin, beach at trouville (la plage de trouville), ca. 1885. virtual q&a with the search for snow director jacqueline farmer award-winning documentary producer and director jacqueline farmer will be live on zoom to answer your questions about the making of the new film the search for snow, opening at rangos giant cinema for members on july 2. where was her favorite location to shoot? what was the inspiration behind this ambitious project? bring all your burning questions about this frozen 3d documentary to this unique opportunity to chat with the creator. recorded thursday, july 8 watch video what is the anthropocene and why is everyone talking about it? our current geological time period—the anthropocene—disrupts the idea that humans are separate from nature. curator of anthropocene studies, nicole heller, is here to explain what the anthropocene is and share some of her reflections on how it challenges long-standing practices and rhetoric in both conservation science and natural history. recorded wednesday, june 30 watch video why birds matter: from powdermill to the tropics from backyard cardinals to roaming albatrosses and sunbathing flamingos to snowbound penguins, birds have adapted to an incredible variety of habitats. join carnegie museum of natural history’s curator of birds chase mendenhall for an in-depth look at our feathered friends and their many contributions to ecosystems near and far. recorded thursday, june 24 watch video museums on a mission: to the moon, mars, & beyond! this isn’t your ordinary virtual star party. inspirational stories, breaking news updates, and a special welcome from carnegie science center director jason brown are also part of this night celebrating the new buhl planetarium. the cosmically talented planetarium staff is eagerly waiting to take you on a trip throughout the night sky and to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. recorded thursday, june 17 watch video zoom in: crossroads revisited crossroads mines our collection for stories that resonate today by highlighting the critical role of the artist in everyday life. this month’s virtual tour provides an overview of cmoa’s postwar and contemporary art galleries, and highlights one key work from each of the eight “chapters” that champion artist voices. recorded sunday, june 13 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. extra, extra read all about it! andy warhol in the headlines to donald warhola he was just “uncle andy,” but to the rest of the world andy warhol was a larger-than-life celebrity artist. warhol enjoyed a lot more than just “fifteen minutes of fame,” throughout his life, appearing in headlines and newspapers that touched on both his work and persona. from around the country, his family would share and receive these articles about their famous relative. join donald warhola for a very andy show-and-tell, as he dives into this unique time capsule of andy warhol in the headlines. recorded wednesday, may 12 watch video zoom in: a feast for the eyes let the menu for this virtual experience whet your appetite for a visit to carnegie museum of art. whether you are a brunch aficionado or a late night snacker, this tour of appetizing art is sure to fill you up! join the museum’s talented team of docents as they zoom in on the details and share stories of tantalizing masterpieces and take you on a culinary adventure including a satisfying brioche breakfast, a quaint picnic lunch, and a delicious family dinner. bon appetit! recorded sunday, may 9 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. levi w. prentice, still life with strawberries (detail), ca. 1890 from the curator’s desk: marisol and warhol take new york travel back to the 1960’s with milton fine curator of art jessica beck as your tour guide. she’ll dive into the andy warhol museum’s upcoming exhibition marisol and warhol take new york, and share insider stories of what it takes to bring an art exhibition to life. recorded thursday, april 29 watch video david mccabe, andy warhol and marisol with the empire state building (detail), 1965, the andy warhol museum, pittsburgh, contribution the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc., photograph by david mccabe party in the rear: the wild world of bug behinds bug-out with curator of invertebrate zoology ainsley seago as she explores the colorful and creative ways bugs use their rear ends to track down meals, scare away enemies, and even find love. dr. ainsley seago studies the evolutionary history of beetles, and has used everything from rotting squid traps to synchrotron radiation to better understand them in all their glory. recorded thursday, april 22 watch video zoom in: material innovation artists are forward thinkers and innovators, pushing boundaries through both materials and content. take a (virtual) walk through some of the biggest material shifts in art, as told by the cmoa collection. join the museum’s talented team of docents as they zoom in on the details and share stories of artistic pioneers and groundbreaking creations throughout history. recorded sunday, april 11 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. enrico baj, the curious couple (detail), 1956 © enrico baj march mammal madness: the final round are you ready to rumble? forget debates on which team has the better 3-point shooter or full-court press. join carnegie museum of natural history curator of mammals john wible for an insider’s take on which mammal has what it takes to take home the 2021 march mammal madness championship trophy. not familiar with this alternate tournament? catch up on this internet sensation that hypothesizes the outcome of combat between mammals based on temperament, physiology, weaponry, running speed, fight style, and more. recorded tuesday, march 30 watch video women in science in celebration of women’s history month, come meet some of carnegie museums’ inspiring women working in science. hear lightning talks from carnegie museum of natural history’s annie lindsay (bird banding manager), jennifer sheridan (curator, herpetology), stevie kennedy-gold (collections manger, herpetogy), lisa saladino haney (curator, egyptology), and more, as they talk about their research and why science is just so cool! recorded thursday, march 25 watch video zoom in: how scandalous!? love affairs, arguments between artists, shootings, american history, oh my! hear some juicy stories revealed through works in carnegie museum of art’s collection. join the museum’s talented team of docents as they zoom in on the details and unearth the scandalous secrets that add dashes of drama and intrigue to the galleries. recorded sunday, march 14 watch video closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘cc’ on the bottom right of the video. edwin austin abbey, the penance of eleanor, duchess of gloucester, 1900 fireside chat with curator of historic exhibits patty everly if you’re among the throngs who have marveled at carnegie science center’s miniature railroad & village, then you may know that each year a new model is unveiled. in 2020, curator of historic exhibits patty everly helped to honor the 100th anniversary of the 19th amendment by creating a miniature model of daisy lampkin’s home on 2519 webster avenue in the hill district. lampkin was an unwavering force within the civil rights and woman’s suffrage movements, and called pittsburgh home for most of her adult life. join everly for a fireside chat as she explores lampkin’s incredible legacy. she’ll also share insights into the technical and creative process behind bringing these historic landmarks to life each year. recorded thursday, february 25 watch video zoom in: types of love love comes in many forms. explore what makes your heart beat as we celebrate the visual language of love. this virtual experience explores relationships between family, friends, spouses, lovers, and even pets and their humans through artworks from carnegie museum of art’s collection. enjoy a close-up look at artworks and learn some of the stories they tell. we can’t think of a better way to celebrate valentine’s day, so grab a loved one, a furry friend, or just a decadent box of chocolates and zoom in on the details! recorded sunday, february 14 watch video benjamin west, venus lamenting the death of adonis, 1768 standing up for change: african american women and the civil rights movement in our latest virtual pairing, on two different days, we partner with the national women’s history museum and carnegie science center to celebrate stories of african american women and their incredible contributions to the civil rights and women’s suffrage movements. on february 10, join emma rothberg, national women’s history museum predoctoral fellow in gender studies, for a virtual walk-through of the museum’s popular online exhibition standing up for change: african american women and the civil rights movement. through photographs and archival material, learn more about the grassroots leaders who challenged america to embrace justice and equality for all. recorded wednesday, february 10 watch video warhol’s magic purse: the philanthropy of a pop art icon join andy warhol’s nephew donald warhola as he explores the generosity of his famous pop artist uncle. hear the story behind the “magic purse” and how andy warhol’s mother julia planted the seed of giving early in his life. donald warhola will share personal anecdotes of andy warhol’s quiet but impactful acts of philanthropy over the decades, then dive into one of the greatest components of his legacy, the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts. recorded thursday, january 28 watch video a virtual introduction: meet the curator of the 58th carnegie international: sohrab mohebbi learn about sohrab’s ideas for making the carnegie international a “document of its time,” how he conducts research in the middle of a pandemic, and what his plans are for spreading art and programming throughout the city. if you have ever been curious about the collaborative and interdisciplinary undertaking of the carnegie international, then you won’t want to miss this event! recorded thursday, january 21 watch video scientists who rock: meet the new dynamic duo in minerals and earth sciences carnegie museum of natural history’s section of minerals and earth sciences consists of 30,000 specimens dating back to the 19th century. get to know the two incredible scientists tasked with stewarding this collection, as well as answering all-important questions about the environment. assistant curator of minerals travis olds, a mineralogist, crystallographer, and materials scientist, and assistant curator of earth sciences carla rosenfeld, an environmental biogeochemist are joining forces here in pittsburgh to better understand the impact of human activity. hear more about their research, past and present, and why they’re excited to join the carnegie museum’s team. recorded wednesday, january 20 watch video zoom in: ring in the new! it’s a new year and we have new art! don’t miss this monthly member tour highlighting artwork new to the carnegie museum of art collection or recently installed in our galleries. although they could not be more different when it comes to subject matter and artistic expression, all of these works call cmoa home. join the museum’s talented team of docents will zoom in on the details and tease out the stories that make these works important and exciting additions to our collection. recorded sunday, january 10 watch video cy gavin, untitled (gibbet island) , 2019, purchase, gift of mr. and mrs. richard m. scaife © cy gavin 2020 recorded events when we’re able, we’re recording virtual content created just for members. due to copyright restrictions, we’re unable to record virtual events that show artworks not in the public domain. zoom in: the neapolitan presepio this month’s member tour is getting an extra dash of holiday spirit and features a special guest from the carnegie museum of art! join the alan g. and jane a. lehman curator of decorative arts and design rachel delphia as she dives into the museum’s exquisite, handcrafted exhibit – the neapolitan presepio. find out why the presepio is one of the finest nativity scenes of its kind and see some of the amazing details that has made this 18th century artwork a pittsburgh holiday tradition since 1957. recorded sunday, december 13 the 2020–2021 presentation of the neapolitan presepio is supported by delallo watch video drawing workshop: sketching our collection, patterns gather the whole family together and discover who among you is the most likely to be the next van gogh. teaching artist joke slagle has designed this drawing workshop for all ages and experience levels. start out with some simple and fun warm-up exercises, then go on a virtual tour of the galleries,  stopping at various objects to collect pattern swatches. then combine your favorites, and create your own pattern for a piece of furniture. recorded monday, november 16, 2020 watch video virtual star party journey through the constellations on a digital tour of the cosmos with the staff of carnegie science center’s buhl planetarium. science educators mike hennessy and charissa sedor will be your guides as you look up and gaze at the stars over pittsburgh. specialized software will point the way to the pleiades star cluster and other wonders in the november night sky. you’ll also hear the inside scoop about the exciting new updates taking place in the planetarium you know and love. recorded saturday, november 14, 2020 watch video virtual live animal show carnegie museum of natural history is home to a variety of animal ambassadors. meet some of these amazing feathered, furry, and scaly creatures during a virtual live animal encounter just for members. educators will introduce you to different members of the museum’s living collection, while highlighting interesting behaviors, wildlife habitats, and exciting scientific studies. recorded friday, november 13, 2020 watch video drawing workshop: sketching our collection, sculpture gather the whole family together and discover who among you is most likely to be the next van gogh. carnegie museum of art teaching artist joke slagle has designed this drawing workshop for all ages and experience levels. start out with some simple and fun warm-up exercises, then create a few close observation drawings of sculptures from different time periods in the museum’s collection. all you need is your favorite “mark-making tool” and paper. recorded thursday, november 12, 2020 watch video the african chronicles series: nairobi, kenya with giraffe manor join us on a trip to kenya without leaving the comfort of home. siobhan byrne learat, founder & ceo of adams & butler – private luxury travel will take you on a virtual travelogue featuring the african chronicles series: kenya with giraffe manor . discover why kenya is regarded as the quintessential safari destination through visits to maasai mara national reserve, segera ranch and retreat, the elephant orphanage and the karen bixen museum. recorded wednesday, november 11, 2020 watch video andy warhol: in remembrance buried at st. john the baptist byzantine catholic cemetery in bethel park, andy warhol’s resting place is a pilgrimage site for the many inspired by his life and work. join warhol’s nephew, donald warhola, and artist madelyn roehrig, to learn about how the pop art icon’s gravesite became a frequent destination for his fans. from chanel perfume bottles to coca cola bottles to campbell soup cans, visitors have transformed an unassuming grave into a shrine for a world-renown artist. recorded wednesday, november 11, 2020 watch video q&a with curator of mollusks, tim pearce tim pearce has loved mollusks since he was a child, transporting a collection of snails around in a cottage cheese carton at the age of three. now he’s the head of the section of mollusks at carnegie museum of natural history, a collection made up of about 1.4 million specimens. the social media “shell-ebrity” himself will be at your service with a joke or two, and answers to your questions about snails, octopi, clams, and more! recorded tuesday, november 10, 2020 watch video zoom in: teacher artists – artist teachers join carnegie museum of art for a virtual collection tour honoring teachers who had careers as artists, as well as artists who were incredible teachers and mentors. the museum’s talented team of docents will zoom in on the details that you may overlook in the gallery and share the colorful stories behind some incredible artists. recorded monday, november 8, 2020 watch video raymond simboli, self-portrait (detail), c. 1929, gift of mabel tito simboli in memory of raymond simboli black cats, vampire bats, spiny rats, and devils: the mammals of halloween forget the tricks and treat yourself to some science this halloween! join curator of mammals john wible as he delves into a spooky ensemble of creatures from around the world. after hearing stories about these nocturnal felines, nefarious flying mammals, and devilish characters from down under, it will be clear why they all connect to the creepiest of holidays. recorded thursday, october 29, 2020 watch video museums on a mission: learning at the warhol join members of the andy warhol museum’s learning team for a virtual tour, a live printmaking demonstration, and an immersive look at innovative programs and creative strategies that have kept audiences near and far engaged and inspired during the covid-19 pandemic. take advantage of a special offer to purchase a t-shirt, a custom silkscreen print or art box, and more! recorded monday, october 12, 2020 watch video zoom in: into the woods: object, idea & material throughout time artists have sourced trees as their inspiration, subject matter, and medium. join the cmoa for a virtual tour of the collection exploring wood as an artistic resource the museum’s talented team of docents will zoom in on the details that you may overlook in the gallery. recorded sunday, october 11, 2020 watch video paul cézanne, landscape near aix, the plain of the arc river, 1892-1895 toxicology: the myths and legends behind the science what do vikings, werewolves, and van gogh all have in common? they’re all connected to the deadly world of poisons. find out how, by joining dr. derek fikse, emergency medicine and medical toxicology fellow as he explores the myths and legends behind the field of toxicology using a cast of familiar characters. recorded thursday, october 8, 2020 watch video poisonous plants and deadly animals carnegie museum of natural history’s curator of botany mason heberling, curator of invertebrate zoology ainsley seago, and curator of herpetology jen sheridan, are here to give you the scoop on the plants you do not want to eat, the insects you should best avoid, and the amphibians & reptiles who pack a poisonous (or venomous) punch. bring your questions for these three incredible scientists! recorded september 24, 2020 watch video zoom in: a pittsburgh staycation forget the pina colada and the palm trees, and vacation with carnegie museum of art right here in “the burgh”. you bring the perogies and we’ll provide a virtual tour featuring art and artists with a strong connection to our hometown. we promise “yinz” will have a wonderful time! recorded september 13, 2020 watch video duane michals, a gursky gherkin is just a very large pickle, 2001, the henry l. hillman fund © duane michals. by permission; absolute julia warhola: the life and influence of andy warhol’s mother a carpatho-rusyn immigrant, julia warhola lived with her son andy for most of his life. join andy warhol’s nephew donald warhola and author elaine rusinko, as they share insights and swap personal stories about the incredible woman who helped shape the art and persona of one of the greatest american artists. recorded september 3, 2020 watch video photo credit: unknown, warhola family , 1946–1947, the andy warhol museum, pittsburgh, founding collection, contribution the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. journey through ancient egypt meet carnegie museum of natural history’s new curator, lisa saladino haney. dr. haney is an expert on egyptian art and archaeology, particularly that of egypt’s middle kingdom (c. 2030–1650 bce). she looks forward to discussing her work in egypt, her current research, and her role in the museum’s new permanent exhibition, egypt on the nile , which is currently in development. recorded august 13, 2020 watch video zoom in: women artists it’s time for another monthly member tour with carnegie museum of art! this month, the museum is celebrating the many contributions women have made to the world of art. join the museum’s talented team of docents for a virtual tour of the collection featuring works by some incredible female artists. they’ll zoom in on the details that you might overlook in the gallery, and share the colorful stories behind these masterpieces. recorded august 9, 2020 watch video the paleopathology of south american mummies journey to the southern hemisphere with dr. peter gerszten, the peter e. sheptak professor of neurological surgery at university of pittsburgh medical center. he’ll introduce you to the field of paleopathology, the methods employed to study the diseases of ancient remains, and the medical findings of those who lived thousands of years ago in south america. recorded august 6, 2020 watch video virtual café sci: the button wall learn about what it took to create the science center’s fan-favorite attraction with the museum’s head of mechatronics, doug dehaven. through interactive prototyping and visitor testing, explore how the wall can control powerful thunderstorms, make a submarine dive deep underwater, and deploy cascades of tomatoes all through the fingertips (and imaginations) of early learners. recorded august 3, 2020 watch video donor event*: a deep dive into h2oh! join manager of animals and habitats carla littleton and director of exhibits dennis bateman on a virtual behind-the-scenes tour of carnegie science center’s fresh-water science gallery, h2oh! . dennis will share the early design concepts that eventually became the experience you enjoy today, while carla will take you into the field station to meet some of her favorite aquatic residents. recorded july 30, 2020 watch video zoom in: a sense of place tune in for a virtual tour featuring works of art from carnegie museum of art’s expansive collection. one of the museum’s talented docents will be zooming in on the details, giving you the kind of closer look at masterpieces that you couldn’t get in the galleries. recorded july 12, 2020 watch video some good news from the age of dinosaurs in honor of the opening the temporary exhibition dinosaur armor, tune in to hear carnegie museum of natural history’s matt lamanna discuss some of his and his collaborators’ latest exciting discoveries from the world of dinosaurs. afterward, dr. lamanna will take your questions about all things paleontological! recorded july 11, 2020 watch video “the charlie chaplin live picture show” with pianist tom roberts join the carnegie science center and pianist tom roberts for a night of live music and silent films. in the spirit of chaplin’s incredible legacy, listen to robert’s original arrangements performed live against chaplin’s films. roberts has played everywhere from new york’s carnegie hall and the tonight show to the major jazz clubs in the french quarter. recorded july 9, 2020 watch video hummingbirds, bees, and coffee: the consequences of deforestation in the tropics join carnegie museum of natural history’s curator of birds chase mendenhall to find out how deforestation in the tropics is impacting pollinators such as hummingbirds and bees. sip on your own cup of coffee while learning about the benefits of climate-friendly coffee farming for local fauna. recorded june 20, 2020 watch video a very andy show-and-tell with donald warhola andy warhol was an artist with global fame and celebrities for friends, but to donald warhola he was always just “uncle andy.” donald frequently visited his uncle in new york city, and is excited to host a show and tell of a selection of items warhol gave him on those trips. this is a special opportunity to learn about a side of warhol most never got to see. recorded june 18, 2020 watch video zoom in: artist self-portraits join carnegie museum of art for a virtual collection tour highlighting artists’ depictions of themselves. zoom in on details that reflect both public and private aspects of their lives and personalities. recorded june 14, 2020 watch video virtual star party join us for a digital tour of the cosmos with the staff of carnegie science center’s buhl planetarium. explore the constellations of the summer night sky then travel to the red planet and preview the mars 2020 perseverance rover mission, launching in july! recorded june 12, 2020 watch video what happens in the life of a tree join carnegie museum of natural history’s director of science rose-marie muzika to learn all about the art and science of dendrochronology (the study of tree rings). she explains how scientists use tree rings to understand what was happening locally or globally, recently or thousands of years ago. recorded may 30, 2020 watch video all aboard! the miniature railroad & village through the years the miniature railroad & village is turning 100 this year. patty everly, curator of historic exhibits at the science center, shares the beloved exhibit’s unique history and some of her favorite memories as its expert caretaker. watch video all about salamanders! carnegie science center is giving members a sneak preview! go behind the scenes with resident salamanders and animal and habitat specialist carla littleton. after watching the video, join carnegie museum of natural history’s assistant curator of amphibians and reptiles jen sheridan for a live q&a. good luck stumping her! recorded may 27, 2020 watch video inner circles event*: a curator’s guide to working from home tune in at 5:30 p.m. for a special happy half-hour with art critic blake gopnik. his new biography warhol is the product of extensive research in the warhol archives. afterwards, milton fine curator of art jessica beck will give you the scoop on her current research on andy warhol and share what it’s like to create an exhibition from home. recorded may 21, 2020 watch video virtual collection tour: zoom in on the details do you miss our monthly member tours at carnegie museum of art? we do, too! join one of their talented docents on a virtual tour of the collection, and get reacquainted with some of your favorite works of art. recorded may 17, 2020 watch video everything wrong with jurassic park is a t-rex’s vision based on movement? were velociraptors really that deadly? matt lamanna, carnegie museum of natural history’s very own dinosaur hunter, is here to give you the facts and tell you about his current research. recorded on may 16, 2020 watch video secrets behind the science center’s flip clock join mechatronics engineer doug dehaven on a journey from design to construction of the largest binary flip clock every created. learn how all the letters in steam were used to bring this project to life. recorded on may 6, 2020 watch video carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate