membership faqs - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us membership faqs join & support > membership > membership faqs membership benefits using your benefits digital card membership levels purchasing your membership general membership benefits what museums are included in my membership? your membership includes the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh: carnegie museum of art carnegie museum of natural history carnegie science center (including highmark sportsworks®) the andy warhol museum what discounts do members receive? members receive a 10% discount in all four museum stores and cafes. in addition, members receive discounts on select classes, camps, and lectures (member pricing is listed when applicable). what member events are offered? members enjoy exhibition previews, exclusive tours, lectures, and more! please visit our member events page for a list of upcoming events. do members get reciprocal benefits at other museums? carnegie science center participates in the association of science-technology centers (astc) passport program which offers free or discounted admission to participating science centers and museums that are beyond a 90-mile radius of pittsburgh and your home address.* just show your carnegie museums membership card and a photo id for admission at astc institutions. we recommend calling before you visit, as the list of reciprocal museums may change without notice. premium level members and above also receive reciprocal admission to a list of select art and natural history museums. view the list here. using your benefits when can i start using the membership? immediately! join online and you will receive a confirmation email to present at the museum for admission. be sure to type your email address correctly and check, “yes, i would like to receive communications.” (still not seeing it? check your promotions tab or junk folder.) buy it over the phone and we will send you a confirmation email at your request. join at the admissions desk and receive a temporary membership card to use right away. can i bring guests with my membership? individual: only the cardholder receives admission under the membership. dual: covers admission for two adults or one adult and one child. if only one cardholder is visiting, a guest child or adult may accompany him or her. family: covers admission for two adults and up to four children. at carnegie museums, we want all children to enjoy the museums, so feel free to bring your children’s friends, your nieces and nephews, or your neighbors. premium: covers admission for two adults and up to eight guests per visit. this is a great option for large families! one of the designated cardholders must be present to accompany guests. note: you can bring guests to member events just like you bring guests for a museum visit. if your membership does not allow for guests and you would like to bring more people, you can upgrade to a higher level by calling 412.622.3314. can my adult children or other relatives use my membership? our membership levels cover people, not households, so if you would like another family member to use your membership, please list them as one of the designated adults. depending on your membership level, they may accompany you to the museum as a guest. memberships are not transferable: adults not accompanied by a cardholder will not be admitted under the membership. can i use my membership for a group tour, field trip, or 21+ night? free membership admission does not apply to group visits, field trips, or special programs such as 21+ night due to additional programming and expenses related to these visits. can i visit without my membership card? designated adults on the membership can visit without their card. simply show a valid photo id at the admissions counter. member children visiting without a designated adult or caregiver must have a membership card to gain admission under the membership. how do i apply my member discount in the online store ? use your 10% discount on unique and fun gifts from all four of our carnegie museums stores. to receive your member discount on our online store, just enter code cmpmember in the coupon box on the cart or checkout page and click apply. digital card digital card faqs what is a “carnegie digital membership card”? is it the same as an app? your optional carnegie digital membership card is an app that can be accessed on your smartphone. i don’t want a carnegie digital membership card. what should i do? the carnegie digital membership card is optional. if you don’t wish to download the card, simply disregard the message and you won’t be offered this feature until you renew your membership. will i still receive a physical carnegie membership card? yes, you will still receive a physical carnegie membership card whether or not you opt-in to the carnegie digital membership card. how do i add carnegie digital membership card to my smartphone? iphone- access the email from your smartphone and click the “download” button, then click “add to wallet” and “add.” the card will automatically go to your iphone’s apple wallet. it can be accessed in wallet at any time. android- make sure the google wallet app is installed. if not, you may download it from here . open the email directly from your phone. tap on the “download membership” button. click on “add to google wallet”. a preview will appear. click on “save to google wallet”. in some cases, google wallet might ask you to log in so you can save it to an account. please log in to continue (no credit card information should be required). the card will be saved to google wallet and you will be able to access it from the google wallet app at any moment. we strongly encourage members to use google wallet as the primary digital wallet solution for android, but will continue to help you in case you’d like to use an alternative android wallet option, like wallet by wallet union.. i downloaded my card but can’t find it. if you have an iphone, the card will automatically download to apple wallet. check the app for your new card (scroll through any cards that are already there–it may be hiding!). if you have an android, you’ll need to download wallet passes from the play store prior to downloading the card. how do i access the back of my carnegie digital membership card? ios/iphone 1. open your carnegie digital membership card 2. tap on the icon at the top right of the card. if you don’t see this icon, make sure you are not accessing the card from your lock screen. android 1. open your carnegie digital membership card 2. tap on the “i” icon at the bottom right of the card. my family member is also on my membership account. how can they receive the card? iphone/ios- navigate to the back of the card (tap on the “…” button on the front), then tap on the share icon at the top right to send the card to your secondary member. if you are an ios user, you will find the share icon at the top right on the back of the card. android- navigate to the back of the card (tap on the small “i” on the front) and use the “share pass” button to send the card to your secondary member. i have not received my carnegie digital membership card. please complete this survey and we will resend your carnegie digital membership card. i don’t have a mobile phone, what should i do? please contact us at membership@carnegiemuseums.org or 412.622.3314. i have a question about my membership information or benefits. please contact us at membership@carnegiemuseums.org . membership levels i have more than four children. which membership level should i purchase? memberships cover a set number of people, not households. we have three levels intended for families of all sizes—dual, family, and premium levels. the premium is ideal for larger households. if more than two adults and four children (or one adult and five children) will be visiting the museum at once, consider purchasing our premium membership. what are your donor levels of membership? free admission is just the beginning—and your gift to the carnegie museums makes a difference! visit our website to learn more about joining the donors circle or patrons circle or by calling our donor services line at 412.622.5772. you can also make a donation here . purchasing your membership how can i purchase a membership? purchase or renew a membership online . join over the phone by calling the membership team at 412.622.3314. sign up on site at the museums why isn’t my discount/promotion code being applied towards my online purchase? if you’re having trouble joining, please call 412.622.3314. on the weekends, please leave a message, and we will call you back on the next business day. if you received an email, you must click on the links in the message to receive the discount. we cannot retroactively apply discounts, so please call us before hitting “submit.” if you receive a membership promotion from carnegie museums, please make sure that the offer has not expired. if the offer is still valid, make sure that you are typing in the web address exactly as found on your offer. i received multiple discount offers from carnegie museums. can i use them all at once? only one discount can be applied per membership purchase. however, you are more than welcome to select which offer you would like to use. will i receive renewal information before my membership expires? your expiration date is printed on your membership cards. we will send renewal notices starting at least two months before your membership expires to give you plenty of time to renew. please let us know about any address or email changes, so that you receive renewal notices. update your information by contacting us . i already renewed. why am i still receiving notices? due to processing time, some materials will cross paths in the mail. this should end once you receive your card(s). if it does not, please contact us. general what exhibitions and programs are at the museums? what are the museum hours? for complete information about museum hours and programs, please contact the museum directly: carnegie museum of art (412.622.3131) carnegie museum of natural history (412.622.3131) carnegie science center (412.237.3400) the andy warhol museum (412.237.8300) i’m not receiving member emails. why? if you are not receiving member emails, please contact us. there are a variety of reasons why you may not be receiving member emails, but we’ll make sure to add you to our list. when will i receive my membership cards? you will receive your membership cards within 15 business days of your purchase. if your cards do not arrive within four weeks, please contact us to request new cards. please include your mailing address so we can verify it when sending the new cards. what if my card is lost, stolen, or has errors? please contact us to request a new card. if your card is lost or stolen, your membership is still secure. carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate