a free membership just for teens - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us a free membership just for teens join & support > membership > a free membership just for teens tour, explore, and more! teen membership is a free pass to exploration and discovery available to all teens 13–18 years old who are residents of pennsylvania. from youth artmaking to teen science challenges, the four carnegie museums provide so many creative ways for teens to connect with each other and their world—and, most importantly, to find their own voice. teen members enjoy*: + free general admission to carnegie museum of art, carnegie museum of natural history, carnegie science center, and the andy warhol museum + invitations to events and programming designed just for teen members + free reciprocal admission at 300+ astc museums and science centers + discounts on classes, camps, educational films at the rangos giant cinema, laser shows, lectures, and special events + a 10% discount in museum stores and cafes (20% store discount during member shopping days) *teen membership benefits are valid for one named teen per membership. teen membership benefits do not extend to parents, guardians, caregivers, household members, or additional guests. join online today! or, complete the teen membership application and return it to any of the four carnegie museums or mail to: carnegie museums of pittsburgh attn: membership 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 teen membership is generously supported by the grable foundation and the robert and mary weisbrod foundation community access membership is presented by and supported by giant eagle foundation terms of use for teen memberships teen memberships are not valid for school field trips, group sales, or group visits. other restrictions may apply. *to qualify for the teen membership program, applicants must be between 13-18 years of age and a resident of the state of pennsylvania. for teens under 18 years old, parents or legal guardians must give consent. teen membership benefits are valid for one named teen per membership. teen membership benefits do not extend to parents, guardians, caregivers, household members, or additional guests. carnegie museums of pittsburgh reserves the right to cancel any teen membership, family access membership or organizational access membership should an applicant submit incomplete or false information. upcoming teen events teen night: mars carnegie science center fri., march 7 6–9 p.m. free for teens! join carnegie museums of pittsburgh for a night just for teens at carnegie science center’s teen night: mars! explore mars: the next giant leap®, participate in astronomy-themed activities, and enjoy light snacks with your friends at this exclusive event for teens ages 13–18. join us teen sensory friendly silent disco the andy warhol museum saturday, march 22 6 – 8 p.m. put on your most comfortable party outfit and join our welcoming staff for a sensory-friendly evening of dancing, socializing, and artmaking. this event is planned specifically to support the enjoyment of individuals with autism spectrum disorders and those with sensory sensitivities. a live dj will spin dance classics and our adjustable wireless headphones allow participants to choose their own volume levels or opt out. there will be an enclosed sensory friendly area on the first floor where partygoers can decompress or connect in a calm manner. the underground studio will be open for guests to enjoy silkscreen printing and other art projects. snacks and drinks will also be available. the event is open to teens (up to 18 years old) and their families. join us sponsored by the jack buncher foundation youth art initiative carnegie museum of art ongoing free for teens ages 14-19! includes museum admission. youth art initiative (yai) is a museum advisory group focused on the engagement, advancement, and support of local pittsburgh-area teens. members collaborate with museum staff to plan their own carnegie museum of art programs and events, and can also meet with and learn from a wide range of museum professionals and working artists. register now carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate