corporate giving - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us corporate giving join & support > support > corporate giving together we’ll do great things. invest in our region’s most important cultural and educational institutions, reaching as many as 1.5 million people each year! corporate membership educational improvement tax credit (eitc) program corporate sponsorship corporate membership become a carnegie museums corporate member we invite you to take part in the carnegie museums corporate membership program. as a corporate member, you’ll be part of a network of business leaders investing in our community and engaging your employees through access to discounts and one-of-a-kind experiences. discover how our membership levels can help your business engage employees and highlight your company’s role in supporting culture and education through corporate citizenship: corporate benefactors society ($1,000-$2,499) corporate curators society ($2,500-$4,999) corporate directors society ($5,000-$9,999) corporate presidents society ($10,000-$24,999) corporate founders society ($25,000+) at all levels of membership, your employees will enjoy: unlimited buy-one-get-one-free general admissions to all four museums 20% discount on purchase of new personal memberships 10% discount in all four museum stores your business will also receive invitations to quarterly corporate member networking events, monthly e-newsletters to update members on exhibits and activities, and other special donor experiences and recognition. corporate engagement events are presented by: additional membership-level benefits may include: corporate family day for employees discount on the rental of museums facilities advertising discount in carnegie magazine complimentary museum one-day membership passes complimentary premium memberships employee recruiting, client or prospect tours use of historic founder’s room for board meetings, retreats, company dinners become a corporate member learn more about membership levels and how becoming a corporate member can work toward your advantage by calling 412.622.5771 or email corporatemembership@carnegiemuseums.org educational improvement tax credit (eitc) program if you are a pennsylvania business, the educational improvement tax credit (eitc) program could be beneficial to you. by participating in the program, you would receive a substantial tax credit and impact the community through your support of carnegie museums of pittsburgh. how does eitc impact our youth? eitc gifts help our museums provide innovative, informal education programming in the arts and sciences to as many as 10,000 public school students through virtual and in-person programs such as: the art connection at carnegie museum of art is pittsburgh’s premiere art program for students in grades 5-9. students learn drawing, printmaking, painting, sculpting, and mixed media—culminating with a student exhibition. scitech at carnegie science center is a special field trip that features the industry growth areas of pittsburgh, ranging from biotech to robotics and advanced materials/processes. it connects middle and high school students with leading stem innovators in a fun, dynamic atmosphere as they explore interactive exhibits from leading stem companies and organizations. museum on the move at carnegie museum of natural history connects children and youth to the museum’s programs and collections through partnerships with local hospitals, special needs classrooms, homeless shelters, and community-based organizations. youth invasion at the andy warhol museum is an annual spring celebration planned by members of the museum’s youth arts council—a year-long leadership program for high school students. the event features local young performers and a themed exhibition of works by teen artists. how does the tax credit work? the educational improvement tax credit (eitc) program, administered by pennsylvania’s department of community and economic development (dced), encourages strategic philanthropy by allowing companies to distribute their tax dollars to organizations like carnegie museums that support the important work of our schools through creative programming. thanks to the eitc program a one-year commitment to an education program at carnegie museums of pittsburgh can earn your company a tax credit of 75% of the contribution. the tax credit can be increased to 90% of the contribution if your company agrees to provide the same amount for two consecutive tax years. getting started is easy! to start the application process, visit carnegiemuseums.org/eitc for eitc guidelines and access to the pa dced’s electronic single application system. once you apply and are approved, make your contribution to carnegie museums of pittsburgh within 60 days. to learn more about qualifying carnegie museums of pittsburgh educational programming and how eitc can work to your company’s advantage, contact a member of our team at 412.622.5771 or email corporategiving@carnegiemuseums.org . corporate sponsorship supporters of carnegie museums of pittsburgh can customize partnership platforms to fit their marketing and/or philanthropic strategy. our sponsors enjoy prominent visibility in an unsaturated market that will provide unparalleled touchpoints to 1.4 million local, national, and international visitors throughout the year. our reputation, community reach, unique spaces, and world-class experts (scientists, curators, and educators) can greatly assist your company’s needs. discover today how we can help your company highlight its role in supporting the arts, culture and science! for additional information about corporate giving, call 412.622.5771 or email corporategiving@carnegiemuseums.org . carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate