home - planned giving - carnegie museums skip to main content carnegiemuseums.org planned giving planned giving - carnegie museums planned giving gifts for the future gifts that pay you back tax-smart gifts carnegiemuseums.org make your will for free support future generations with a gift to carnegie museums in your will or trust. don’t have a will or trust? start here. start your will learn more name carnegie museums as a beneficiary and support future explorers and creators! assets like 401(k)s, iras, and other accounts, can make great planned gifts and may help your heirs avoid unwanted taxes. start your gift learn more have you made a planned gift to carnegie museums? join the cornice society! the cornice society is a community of donors committed to helping sustain the museums with a future gift through their estate. it’s our way of thanking generous donors during their lifetime! learn more our members make an impact today with a tax-smart gift there are many ways to support the museums you love. learn about tax-smart giving options that can have a huge impact. explore tax-smart gifts why do people like making planned gifts? planned gifts (most commonly a donation made in your will or trust) cost nothing today and can transform and sustain carnegie museums far into the future, which is why so many people choose to make them. there are many ways to support the art and science resources of carnegie museums — scroll down to learn more! gifts for the future a planned gift can be one of the easiest and most impactful gifts you make. there are many ways to help sustain carnegie museums for future generations. popular gifts in a will or trust donations in your will or trust are (by far) the most popular type of planned gift. learn more, or get help starting your will or trust – for free! learn more beneficiary designations gifting assets not covered by your will — like 401(k) or ira accounts — may help your heirs avoid unwanted taxes, even if you’re below the estate tax threshold. learn more popular gifts for today many people love these donation options because they fit with their personal circumstances and financial goals. gifts that pay you back give assets while providing yourself or others with income for a period of time or distributions at a later date. learn more stocks and securities many people love donating stock or mutual funds because it may help them avoid paying capital gains taxes. learn more qualified charitable distributions use your ira to make tax-free gifts that benefit you and our mission. learn more please let us know if you’ve already included us in your estate plans! letting us know is incredibly helpful to our team and helps to make sure your gift is used the way you want it to be. you're in my plans! give to the future carnegie museums preserves and shares the stories of our past and present so our community can build a bold future. a gift to the museums through your estate is an easy way to ensure future generations can enjoy the art, technology, and natural world that inspired you. together we can engage the next generation of creators, explorers, and leaders! frequently asked questions is my estate big enough to leave a planned gift? yes! gifts of any size are deeply appreciated. many people choose to leave a percentage of their estate, which scales up or down with your estate size. can my gift remain anonymous? yes! knowing in advance about your intentions is quite helpful to our staff, but you are always welcome to not share your gift. does it cost anything to plan my estate? we’ve partnered with freewill to help you make a will or trust at no cost to you. you can use this to complete your plans, or you may choose to use the same tools to get your affairs in order before visiting an attorney (who is likely to have a fee associated with finalizing your plans). can i edit my documents after i’m done? yes. you are always free to revise or update your estate plans. is my private information secure with freewill? yes! freewill will never share your personal information without your permission. can i support all of the museums or one specific museum? yes, you can choose to make a gift that will support all four distinctive museums wherever the need is greatest at the time. or, you can choose to support your favorite of our four museums. feel free to name the andy warhol museum, carnegie museum of art, carnegie museum of natural history, or kamin science center in your will. all of our museums share the same tax id # 25-0965280. can i give art, artifacts or other property to carnegie museums through my will? carnegie museums has strict acceptance guidelines around any tangible personal property–whether you are hoping to add an item to our collection, or would like to make a gift of property that can be sold to support our work. please contact us to discuss your intentions. make your will today 100% free trusted and secure done in under 20 minutes get started powered by we’re here to help you meet your goals! our team would be happy to speak with you in confidence about your giving goals, with no obligation. name: anne lee title : director of planned giving phone: 412-353-4853 email: leea@carnegiemuseums.org already included us in your estate plan? let us know legal name: carnegie institute d/b/a carnegie museums of pittsburgh legal address: 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 federal tax/ ein #: 25-0965280 first name please enter your first name. last name please enter your last name. email address please enter your email address. subject what are you inquiring about? gifts in a will or trust beneficiary designations charitable gift annuities charitable remainder trusts pooled income funds charitable lead trusts stocks, securities and mutual funds cryptocurrency qcds from an ira donor-advised funds real estate retained life estate other please select an inquiry. message please enter a message. request more information tax id: 25-0965280 gifts for the future will and trust beneficiary designations the cornice society gifts that pay you back charitable gift annuities charitable remainder trusts charitable lead trusts tax-smart gifts stocks, securities, and mutual funds qcds real estate and art get in touch contact us facebook twitter instagram linkedin powered by freewill freewill’s no-cost estate planning and non-cash giving tools are made possible by the support of hundreds of nonprofit organizations that work on meaningful issues. about freewill copyright ©  2025  freewill co., a delaware public benefit corporation. all rights reserved. freewill offers online self-help solutions for common estate planning needs and related educational content. estate planning may implicate both state and federal laws, and estate planning needs will differ based on personal circumstance and applicable law. freewill is not a law firm and its services are not substitutes for an attorney’s advice. the information here is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended to provide, and should not be construed as providing legal or tax advice. this information is general in nature and is not intended to serve as the primary or sole basis for investment or tax-planning decisions. use of freewill’s services is subject to the terms of service & privacy notice . your data is encrypted and we never sell your personal information. security policy