carnegie museums in oakland - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us carnegie museums in oakland home to carnegie museums of art and natural history, this historic building offers more than 10 unique spaces for your next special event. from gilded halls and marble columns to contemporary corridors and scenic overlooks. carnegie music hall and the music hall foyer are arguably the grandest event spaces in all of pittsburgh. the statuesque hall of architecture and hall of sculpture will give your event the unique twist your guests will remember. scaife foyer is a contemporary space ideal for cocktail receptions. if you want to have a drink with carnegie’s world-famous dinosaurs, the foster overlook is the perfect spot. the founder’s room is the very space where andrew carnegie once greeted his museum guests. featuring spaces large and small, stately and contemporary, carnegie museums in oakland can host the picture-perfect event. food and beverage is provided by our on-site exclusive caterer, and we’re happy to work with you to plan your menu. see our current menus . make your wedding day truly distinctive. carnegie museums in oakland: wedding catering packages tell us about your event and let us get back to you with ideas. complete an about my event form . you can also call us at 412.622.3393 or email us . image gallery carnegie music hall foyer the dramatic music hall foyer boasts a soaring 50 foot ceiling of gilded baroque décor, supported by pillars of marble from five different countries. in addition, an ornate metal balcony overlooks this elegant space. capacity: seated – 500 (main floor + balcony) cocktails – 1,000 wedding reception – 320 carnegie music hall make your next presentation or meeting a well-orchestrated performance in carnegie music hall. built in 1895, it makes guests feel as if they’ve stepped back in time, with richly appointed crimson velvet seats, a storied stage, and near-perfect acoustics. capacity: theater seating – 1,550* *accessible seating available. hall of architecture inspired by the mausoleum at halicarnassus, one of the seven wonders of the world, this spectacular room is home to more than 140 beautiful plaster-cast replicas of ancient masterpieces. its sky-lit space is practically designed for a dinner party. capacity: seated with dance floor – 90 standing cocktails  – 150* wedding ceremony – 150* *seasonal availability–call for details. hall of sculpture distinguished by a double tier of columns and a balcony, the hall is modeled after the parthenon’s inner sanctuary. the dramatic space is constructed with brilliant white marble from the same quarries in greece that provided the stone for the parthenon. simply a one-of-a-kind space for your event. capacity: seated – 220 cocktails – 300 wedding reception – 120* wedding ceremony – 250 *seasonal availability–call for details. grand staircase mezzanine this three-story staircase and balcony has the most amazing ambiance, thanks to the light-colored marble that encloses it as well as a ceiling full of skylights. a mural by john white alexander covers almost 4,000 square feet of wall space. capacity: cocktails – 150 wedding ceremony – 150 standing scaife foyer connecting art with dinosaurs is the scaife foyer, with a floor-to-ceiling view of the museum of art sculpture court. capacity: cocktails – 300 foster overlook for a space that’s classic, go jurassic. this scenic mezzanine level overlooks the dinosaurs in their time exhibition, which features scientifically accurate, immersive environments spanning the mesozoic era. dinosaurs are arranged chronologically and filled with actively posed original fossil specimens. capacity: seated – 60 cocktails – 100 founders room the space where andrew carnegie once welcomed his guests to his museums, the founders room features an ornate high ceiling, hanging alabaster lamps, and a gorgeous fireplace. the room lends an air of sophisticated elegance to any meeting, dinner, or small cocktail reception. capacity: seated – 40 cocktails – 60 theater-style – 60 hall of north american wildlife turn your guests loose among black bears and jaguars in this second-floor space. features some of the continent’s most amazing animals in natural habitat dioramas and offers visitors a unique perspective on its wildlife. capacity: seated – 120 cocktails – 150 wedding ceremony – 150* *subject to exhibit layout. hillman hall and paleolab lobby this spectacular lobby features a breathtaking display of mineral and gem specimens, and includes access to the entire hillman hall of minerals and gems. a jewel box of lush colors, wondrous forms, and striking contrasts, the hall showcases more than 1,300 minerals and gems from all over the world, including a section on minerals found right here in our backyards. new acquisitions are added to the collection on an ongoing basis. capacity: seated dinner – 30 cocktails – 100 the café carnegie located on the main floor of the museum of art, the carnegie cafe is a space of simple, contemporary sophistication. one side of the café has floor-to-ceiling glass walls where guests can look out onto the front patio and decorative fountain outside. capacity: seated – 120 cocktails – 120 carnegie museum of art theater this state-of-the-art theater houses a 14 x14-foot screen, wood-paneled walls, and an elevated, carpeted stage with lectern. ideal for a breakout session, presentations, or panel discussions. capacity: seating – 178 note: carnegie museums reserves the right to decline or cancel bookings for our event spaces because of concerns regarding property damage, safety risks, legal liability and/or reputational harm to carnegie museums.  further, carnegie museums does not accept bookings for partisan political events or fundraisers, including voter education, registration and get-out-the-vote drives led by partisan groups. carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate