carnegie science center - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us carnegie science center if you want to go to the edge of the universe, make a splash, or a boom for your next event, think carnegie science center. our scenic north shore location offers incredible city and point views, convenient parking, awesome exhibits, and cool ideas for truly individual events. and our special events and catering team will help you create an event that’s unique, out of this world, and memorable. food and beverage is provided by our on-site exclusive caterer, and we will work with you directly to plan your menu. make your wedding day truly distinctive. carnegie science center: wedding catering packages things to know: group admission can be added on to any daytime room rental. ample parking available. your guests can pay on their own or you can host it for them. all event rentals include: basic a/v, tables/chairs, security, custodial services, and event supervision. tell us about your event and let us get back to you with ideas. complete an about my event form . you can also call us at 412.237.3431 or e-mail us . image gallery pointview hall and terrace – third floor with spectacular views of the pittsburgh skyline, pointview hall inside carnegie science center’s ppg science pavilion™ is a picture-perfect venue for wedding receptions, holiday parties, bar/bat mitzvahs, corporate receptions, lectures, galas, fundraisers, and other festivities. the stunning view of the skyline from the outdoor terrace adds an air of sophistication to this event space that you won’t find elsewhere. capacity: theater-style – 500 cocktail reception – 500 seated dinner – 300 wedding – 220 science stage - first floor theater-style seating; equipped with a/v such as a podium/microphone, large screen, projector, and theater lighting. perfect for presentations or award ceremonies. capacity: seated – 300 buhl planetarium and second floor exhibit areas this high-definition, full-dome experience will make your next event a celestial spectacular. explore the world’s largest permanent robotics exhibition, roboworld®, and take a walking tour of western pennsylvania at the world-renowned miniature railroad & village®. bring a group in for a buhl planetarium show or add one to your special event. get married under the stars, hold a stellar award ceremony, or take your presentation to far reaches of the galaxy. capacity: fixed-seated – 120* seated dinner – 50 cocktail reception – 250 *buhl planetarium theater works theater and 4th-floor exhibits we can mix up cool cocktails with liquid nitrogen, fog up your atmosphere, and fire up the van de graff generator to literally make your hair stand on end. a fun, creative alternative for corporate dinners, holiday parties, rehearsal dinners, birthday parties, bar & bat mitzvahs, and many other social events. capacity: seated dinner  – 50-120 cocktail reception  – 200 theater style – 100 covestro gallery - h2oh!: why our rivers matter make a splash with your guests as you explore rivers, water conservation, and aquatic environments. overlooking the ohio river, this hands-on space offers stunning views and opportunities for interactive animal experiences. capacity: cocktail reception – 50 highmark sportsworks® a fun alternative event venue for children and adults. guests can climb the 24-foot rock wall and test their mettle on the new ropes course. ask about our team-building activities. great event space for corporate meetings, bar and bat mitzvahs, birthday parties, and other social events. capacity: seated dinner – 50 cocktail reception – 120 bodyworks 3rd floor exhibit and bodystage book a live demonstration for your group and explore nutrition, healthy lifestyle choices, physical fitness, anatomy, and medical technology. challenge a friend to mirror-image drawing and interact with a digital skeleton who mirrors their every move. the bodystage also is available for small meetings and presentations. capacity: seated dinner – 40 cocktail reception – 50 full building why not rent the entire main building?! includes all floors, all interactive exhibits, and you can even add on a few shows and demonstrations. the sky is the limit with a full building rental. capacity: talk with us about your plans! capacity varies based on the event. science pavilion classrooms a/b from birthday celebrations, showers, or corporate meetings, the ppg science pavilion classrooms are the perfect space. capacity: meeting – up to 75 note: carnegie museums reserves the right to decline or cancel bookings for our event spaces because of concerns regarding property damage, safety risks, legal liability and/or reputational harm to carnegie museums.  further, carnegie museums does not accept bookings for partisan political events or fundraisers, including voter education, registration and get-out-the-vote drives led by partisan groups. carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate