weddings at the museums - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us weddings at the museums make your wedding day truly distinctive at one of the four carnegie museums. celebrate your big day in the glorious carnegie music hall foyer, pose for photographs on the awe-inspiring grand staircase, and host your cocktail reception along the balcony above. or take your wedding to carnegie science center along pittsburgh’s scenic north shore, where the new pointview hall will provide stunning views of the point and pittsburgh’s three rivers. or give your guests something to talk about with a reception at the the andy warhol museum. tell us about your plans and let us get back to you with ideas. complete an about my event form . or contact us about your upcoming wedding: for our oakland museums, call 412.622.3393 or email us . for carnegie science center, call 412.237.1640 or e-mail us . for the andy warhol museum, call 412.237.3431 or email us . image gallery event spaces testimonials faqs catering event spaces popular wedding spaces include: oakland museums carnegie music hall foyer grand staircase mezzanine hall of architecture hall of sculpture carnegie science center pointview hall buhl planetarium fourth floor overlook the andy warhol museum first-floor entrance lobby testimonials the reception last week was flawless! it has been a real pleasure to work with you throughout our planning, and your staff was very helpful last week. everyone was unbelievably pleasant, and our guests were impressed with the venue and the service. it was nice to relax and enjoy the evening knowing that we were in great hands. adding on the founders room at the last minute proved to be a good decision, and i appreciate everyone who also made that a good experience. thank you again for being such a valuable resource; you really helped us have a positive experience. adria banko – 7/16/22 dear all, we don’t know how to begin to thank you for colleen & eric’s wedding day.  everything and every detail was perfect!!  the room looked spectacular and the food was amazing (as well as the amazing wedding cake, which got rave reviews)!!  you all did a fantastic job and trish & i are very grateful! colleen & eric could not have been happier the way things turned out and that’s what really matters.  again, trish and i thank you for everything you did for us and the newlyweds, we really appreciate it!! kevin & trish –  6/18/2022 hello vanessa, now that the craziness of our wedding day is over and our emotions have settled, i would like to thank you for your help in making our wedding possible.  your efforts to help get us acclimated to the venue, answer all of our questions, and address all of our concerns over the past year have been exceptional. the venue was absolutely spectacular and directly matched the vision that my wife (still getting used to saying and writing that identifier!) and i sought to witness and present to our guests.  everything from the spacious layout of the tables and chairs to the presentation of the glassware at each table to the depiction of the cookie table was done to perfection!  you helped realize our dream, and for that we are incredibly thankful! we would not have known that you were newer to the “events manager” role if you had not told us.  you did a fabulous job of presenting the information and details to us at the pertinent times and made us feel comfortable throughout the entire process.  we cannot keep track of how many people thoroughly enjoyed our wedding, with many of them saying it was the best wedding that they had ever attended!  we could not have reaped this praise without your guidance and leadership. thank you for making the day a memory for life for my wife and me.  we still feel beyond excited every time we realize we had our wedding reception at the science center!  without you, this would have not been possible! i am currently recommending pointview hall as a venue to some of my newly engaged friends who are looking to host their wedding.  your name is also being linked to this recommendation, as we feel very confident that you will provide the same quality of service to them as you did to us. i will be sure to contact you in the future should there be another event i would be interested in hosting. thank you very much! chandler mcgovern-johnson wedding  – 5/14/2022 dallas, thank you so much for all of your hard work in making our wedding day perfect! we so enjoyed working with you and the entire carnegie museums team for our reception. we absolutely loved how the space turned out and have heard endless compliments on the food. thank you again for making our day so special. sydney dombrowski  – 4/23/22 dallas, cassie, and lindsay, thank you all so much for making our wedding unforgettable. our guests were blown away by the hospitality, food, and space (hats off to mr. carnegie, he had wonderful taste in décor). our night would not have functioned as well as it did if it weren’t for you ladies and your team. thank you from the bottom of our hearts. we truly appreciate everything you did. much love, the grubers  – 4/23/2022 good evening! i just wanted to send a big thank you to you and your team at the science center. i got my wedding gallery back today and everything was an absolute dream. thank you from the bottom of my heart for making my day so special. all of our guests could not stop raving about the cocktail hour, food, the ballroom, and view. thank you, thank you, thank you! jayne and conner phillips   – 4/2/2022 dallas, thank you so much for everything you have done these past few years. you made what could have been a stressful experience moving a wedding four times not very stressful at all. we appreciate you more than you know, and it has been an absolute pleasure working with you. so happy to finally be able to celebrate! josh and taylor davis  – 1/16/2022 bridgitte, holy crap!!! thank you so much for everything! our wedding was absolutely amazing! everything was perfect! you are such a freaking rockstar! you have such a wonderful team and we cannot thank you enough. thank you for being diligent, kind, and prompt. you took wedding planning and it fun and stress free. thank you so much!   we are forever grateful for you, your team and the warhol catherine and jessica  – 12/11/2021 a night to remember while looking for a venue, my now husband and i wanted somewhere close to downtown with beautiful views, and paired well with our nerdy side. after visiting the science center for a tour of the space we knew immediately this was where we wanted our reception to be held. the entire staff and team we coordinated with was so professional, helpful and easy to work with that we fully were able to enjoy the entire evening! the ability to have catering included was a huge bonus for us, as well and not needing to looking into bartenders and other staff. we had such a wonderful night and highly recommend checking out point view hall for a larger space! caitrin f.  – 11/13/2021 dear dallas, cassie, & trista thank you all so much for helping us organize our wedding on october 23. we felt you all did an exceptional job, we can’t thank you enough for helping to calm our nerves with your excellent attention to detail. if there’s anything we can do in the future (customer reviews, recommendations, etc.) please let us know! all our very best wishes, sarah and oliver – 10/23/2021 dear dallas, we don’t have the words to thank you enough for all that you did for us. our wedding was 100% a fairy tale…literally the best night of our lives! you kept us calm during the whole process of planning a pandemic wedding and you’re just so damned nice!  the museum is truly lucky to have you and we are so happy we had our wedding there. trista and lenny weiss – 6/26/2021 “thank you so much for making my daughter’s wedding such a memorable event. it was hard enough to be dealing with covid-19 without the added stress of a wedding but you were amazing! you went above and beyond the call of duty from zooming the entire event so our friends and family could see it to helping our photographer and working with the music. the carnegie museum is such a fabulous place to have a wedding and i think it’s an underused resource in pittsburgh. being wed under the t-rex is just an amazing setting. this was my daughter’s dream wedding for years and you made it possible.” 10/1/2020 faqs what all is included in the rental fee? tables/chairs, custodial services, limited technical services, entrance security, and someone from the special events office to oversee the event. things that are prohibited: sparklers indoors/outdoors, bubbles, dropped/tossed flower petals, confetti indoors/outside, open-flame tapered candles, popcorn, balloons, and open flames. can anything be hung up? in most cases, we ask that nothing be hung on the walls and signage be free-standing. but that depends on the venue. just tell us what you have in mind. what time does my event have to end? in most cases, we ask that events end by 1 a.m. let us know if this is a problem for you event. do you have a preferred catering list? we partner with our exclusive caterer, culinaire. can i bring in cookies for a wedding? yes! we love the pittsburgh cookie table tradition. are linens included in fees? yes, they are included in our wedding package (but not in our other events packages). can i take pictures in museum galleries? you can absolutely take photographs in all event spaces. museum gallery photography varies, however. just ask us. what about storage for my event? all items that come into the museum must leave the same day. do you have any preferred vendors? you are welcome to contract the florist and/or entertainment of your choice. we are happy to make recommendations, if needed. how does parking work? our museums have different parking operations, so please contact your event manager, who will be happy to share venue-specific information. can you suggest additional museum experiences for my guests? yes!  we can provide docent-led tours of galleries, live demonstrations, and other museum experiences for an additional fee. catering we look forward to working with you to create the perfect catering package for your wedding day. carnegie museums in oakland: wedding catering packages carnegie science center: wedding catering packages tell us about your event and let us get back to you with ideas. complete an about my event form . carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate