carnegie magazine - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us topics art science & nature face time q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us photo: joshua franzos the dinosaur that changed the world dippy continues to fascinate the public 125 years after it arrived at carnegie museum of natural history. by jason bittel featured stories art community the inclusive museum everybody’s welcome on this dance floor now more than ever, the andy warhol museum’s annual lgbtq+ youth prom provides a space of connection and community. story by nichole faina; photos by stephanie strasburg art community the inclusive museum a living archive a new gallery reinstallation at carnegie museum of art will give visitors unprecedented access to the charles ‘teenie’ harris archive. by b. denise hawkins art warhol a feminine force women and femmes, integral in the making of andy warhol, take center stage. by cristina rouvalis science & nature a knotty conversation botanists at carnegie museum of natural history are researching new ways to discuss invasive plants. by chris fleisher stem where art & science meet the stem of animation the new pixar exhibition at carnegie science center offers insights into how the animation studio created some of its most iconic films. by barbara klein science & nature a martian garden comes alive edible plants grown as part of the science center’s mars exhibition inspire ideas for sustainably producing healthy food in challenging environments. by sally quinn current issue receive more stories in your email sign up science & nature “we’re living the climate change right now.” rural communities in western pennsylvania are suffering the effects of increasingly extreme weather and other consequences of a warming world. carnegie museum of natural history hopes to help connect those seeking solutions. by jason bittel art a maverick with a camera a new exhibition puts a spotlight on photographer gordon parks’ little-known images—at once gritty and beautiful—of industrial life in 1940s pittsburgh. by jennifer davis art natural history science warhol being social a lifeline for museums during the covid lockdown, social media is becoming even more essential to reaching new audiences now. by barbara klein big picture charles "teenie" harris was one of pittsburgh's most prolific chroniclers of the city's communities and black life in midcentury america. now, visitors to carnegie museum fo art have unprecedented access to his work. a new museum gallery dedicated to harris includes never-before-seen color photographs and moving images, as well as black-and-white photographs, film negatives, and recorded oral histories. face time hope gillespie there’s a movie poster of harrison ford’s iconic character indiana jones fixed to hope gillespie’s office wall at carnegie science center. it is there for professional inspiration as much as workplace decor. “i cannot overstate the influence indiana jones has had on my life,” says gillespie, who is the museum experiences officer at the science center. the film franchise piqued her interest in archaeology—she holds a bachelor’s degree in archaeology from the george washington university and a master’s degree in the discipline from university college london. but she also just loves the character’s catchphrase about artifacts—“it belongs in a museum”—that informs her work to this day. since joining the science center in 2021, gillespie has put her archaeology background to use by spending months researching upcoming exhibitions. her work ranges from studying delicate waterlogged objects in titanic: the artifact exhibition, the blockbuster exhibition that closed in april, to researching the process of animation for the science behind pixar, which opened may 25. gillespie trains staff and produces supplementary materials to enhance exhibitions. she also spends a lot of time answering visitors’ questions, which is the part of her job she loves most. “i love teaching,” gillespie says. “i didn’t think that informal education was my superpower until i started to do it.” gina winstead marcus harshaw gretchen baker trương công tùng, installation view of the state of absence—voices from outside, 2020, in the 58th carnegie international, courtesy of the artist and carnegie museum of art. photo: sean eaton inside the museums conservators play a critical role in not only the preservation of art but also its creation. they are partners with artists to realize their vision, even as they are stewards of it and the museum where it will be exhibited. carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate