science & nature archives - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us topics art science & nature face time q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us tag: science & nature : curate this by chris fleisher the job of a museum curator has never been more complex—or interesting. ‘we do still exist, and we’re thriving.’ by corinne whiting a new exhibition honors ongoing cultural traditions of the quapaw nation and its deepening relationship with carnegie museum of natural history. objects of our affection: gort by chris fleisher carnegie museums is home to some of the most significant collections in the world. here we showcase some of the most compelling objects. closer look: a frog by any other name by chris fleisher a new perspective on familiar offerings at carnegie museums. pursuing relevant science by chris fleisher how a transformative $65 million gift from dan and carole kamin is bolstering carnegie science center’s plans to become a top-tier leader in community-based science. a lifelong love of astronomy by chris fleisher dan and carole kamin have a long history with carnegie museums, but their relationship with carnegie science center director jason brown began a little over five years ago at a garden party. it was may 2019, and carole’s famous tulips were in bloom. brown, who had recently been named as the science center’s director, was … continued objects of our affection: ‘golden orioles’ fleisherc carnegie museums is home to some of the most significant collections in the world. here we showcase some of the most compelling objects. escaping requin by barbara klein the science center’s popular sub is now one of pittsburgh’s most popular escape rooms. sparking a love of science by chris fleisher fascinated by outer space, one couple wants to keep inspiring young people to look at stars. q+a: kathy hollis by corinne whiting in conversation with the director of collections care and access at carnegie museum of natural history. carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate