behind the scenes archives - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us topics art science & nature face time q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us tag: behind the scenes : a lifelong love of astronomy by chris fleisher dan and carole kamin have a long history with carnegie museums, but their relationship with carnegie science center director jason brown began a little over five years ago at a garden party. it was may 2019, and carole’s famous tulips were in bloom. brown, who had recently been named as the science center’s director, was … continued closer look: walking the land by chris fleisher a new perspective on familiar offerings at carnegie museums. restoring a ‘palace of music’ by bob batz jr. the most significant renovation in carnegie music hall’s 128-year history brings the beloved performance space into the 21st century. ‘everything is beautiful at the museum’ by chris fleisher the stories of carnegie museums volunteers are as varied as they are. they’re all giving back in ways they hadn’t expected—and the museums wouldn’t be the same without them. ‘miraculous’ recoveries by ben seal it’s been nearly three decades since she was floating on a ship in the north atlantic, as anxious as a kid on christmas morning to see what would be raised from the depths, but rhonda wozniak still talks as if she’s in the middle of it all. a pittsburgh-based expert in marine objects conservation, she … continued bringing ancient egypt alive by cristina rouvalis an expert in ancient wood has joined the museum of natural history to preserve a 4,000-year-old funerary boat and other artifacts custodians of collections by chris fleisher a younger generation of researchers manage carnegie museum of natural history’s historic libraries of artifacts and specimens. the mystery of the little black books by donald gilliland the missing travelog of gordon bailey washburn makes its way back to the museum he led more than 70 years ago. 125 years: a history in objects continues michael andy warhol’s dental molds and the spark for hair-raising science. artwork anyone can borrow and a dapper dinosaur with its own accessories. a celebration of 125 years of carnegie museums continues through the remarkable stories of pieces of museum history. notes from the  front lines by julie hannon the visitor services leaders at the four museums reflect on a year like no other. carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate