carnegie international archives - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us topics art science & nature face time q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us tag: carnegie international : a weighty conversation by marylynne pitz the 58th carnegie international explores the unvarnished histories of social movements. in celebration of artists and their truth by justin hopper the 58th carnegie international sets out to showcase not only the art but also the very individual perspectives of artists from across the globe. art in contradiction by elizabeth hoover the newly named curator of the carnegie international finds inspiration in the uncomfortable complexities of life. a joyful resistance by julie hannon exploring art and ideas from five continents at the carnegie international. making an entrance by cristina rouvalis the 57th edition of the carnegie international is front and center, thanks to two show-stopping works on the exterior of carnegie museums’ historic oakland building. lenka clayton and jon rubin want you to leave the museum with an original artwork. by julie hannon during the first 35 years of the carnegie international, from 1896 to 1931, the museum tracked every submission to what was then an annual painting show. exactly 10,632 artworks were rejected. drawn to this “complete list of absence in the museum,” pittsburgh-based artists lenka clayton and jon rubin, with the help of a small team, … continued mel bochner is creating new work for the museum and city that introduced him to art. by cristina rouvalis at age 8, mel bochner spent saturday mornings boarding the trolley near his east end home, handing the conductor 8 cents and then traveling alone to carnegie museum of art. it was 1949, and bochner was headed to his weekly tam o’shanter art class. there he met creative kids from all over allegheny county, and … continued painting’s broad brush by barbara klein whether using canvas, ceramics, or textiles, today’s contemporary artists are rethinking what else a painting can be. reconstructing history by julie hannon reflecting a world in transition, artists use their stage to wrestle with the past and confront contemporary issues of borders, boundaries, and labor. the road to the international by julie hannon nearly all of the artwork for this year’s carnegie international is being created new for the exhibition—and, in turn, for pittsburgh. curator ingrid schaffner started her travel research in 2016, right after the united kingdom voted to leave the european union, known as brexit, and not long before donald trump was elected president. “international has … continued carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate