winter 2024 - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us topics art science & nature face time q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us winter 2024 cover story reimagining landscapes in widening the lens , photographers examine humans’ complicated relationship with their environment. by ben seal magazine archives fall 2024 summer 2024 more archives receive more stories in your email sign up features art community progress in the pop district two years after its launch, the warhol’s innovative model for creative economic development reaches important milestones. by cristina rouvalis science & nature curate this the job of a museum curator has never been more complex—or interesting. by chris fleisher also in this issue community science & nature science+nature ‘we do still exist, and we’re thriving.’ a new exhibition honors ongoing cultural traditions of the quapaw nation and its deepening relationship with carnegie museum of natural history. by corinne whiting community community creative connections a new carnegie museums membership program is giving young professionals a way to connect with culture and each other. by jennifer davis facetime q&a q+a q+a: doug genovese in conversation with the general manager of food and beverage services at carnegie museums of art and natural history. by chris fleisher art community giving forward opening up the world for others lessons learned from his parents and grandparents fuel this supporter’s desire to make the wonders of the four carnegie museums available to all. by kate benz science & nature closer look closer look: a frog by any other name a new perspective on familiar offerings at carnegie museums. by chris fleisher where art & science meet seen+heard seen+heard: winter 2024 in brief, what’s new around the museums. where art & science meet five things five things: winter 2024 art and science news you can use. science & nature objects of our affection objects of our affection: gort carnegie museums is home to some of the most significant collections in the world. here we showcase some of the most compelling objects. by chris fleisher president's note president’s note: winter 2024 a message from steven knapp. big picture charles “teenie” harris was one of pittsburgh’s most prolific chroniclers of the city’s communities and black life in midcentury america. now, visitors to carnegie museum of art have unprecedented access to his work. a new museum gallery dedicated to harris includes never-before-seen color photographs and moving images, as well as black-and-white photographs, film negatives, and recorded oral histories. carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate