about us - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us about us there’s no cultural organization in the world quite like carnegie museums of pittsburgh. with a legacy of discovery and outreach dating back to 1895, today we are a family of four diverse, dynamic museums: carnegie museum of art, carnegie museum of natural history, carnegie science center, and the andy warhol museum. we’re committed to being inclusive, both on-site and online, and to exploring with our audiences the big ideas and issues of our time. our mission: to preserve and expand the resources of art and science as agents of personal growth and social advancement in pittsburgh and beyond. our core values . our vision for impact . copies of carnegie museums of pittsburgh’s federal irs form 990 and audited financial statements are available upon request . our history check out some fascinating highlights from 1895 to today. our museums each of the four carnegie museums has its own distinct personality and incredible experiences to offer. our impact as the largest and most far-reaching cultural organization in the pittsburgh region, each year carnegie museums serves 1.5 million people, including more than 249,000 schoolchildren. our leaders our example as a cultural leader and champion of the pittsburgh region starts at the top. opportunities as the region’s largest cultural organization, carnegie museums of pittsburgh offers opportunities to make a difference in southwestern pennsylvania and beyond. contact us we'd love to hear from you. carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate