opportunities - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us opportunities your work might belong in a museum. one of our museums. as the region’s largest cultural organization, carnegie museums of pittsburgh offers opportunities to make a difference in southwestern pennsylvania and beyond. to impact and inspire your community while enriching yourself. we’re always looking for talented people from diverse backgrounds and experiences to join our team. we offer competitive benefits to our staff of more than 1,000, place importance on fostering diversity and a spirit of inclusion, and emphasize creativity and innovation. need assistance or an accommodation? carnegie museums is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. if you need assistance or have a request for a reasonable accommodation during any part of the application or hiring process due to a disability, please contact our human resources team at hrconnect @carnegiemuseums.org or 412.622.3311. search jobs whether you’re looking for part-time employment or a full-time career, we have opportunities in central services and across the four carnegie museums. about us why carnegie museums? we’ve been making an impact for more than 125 years. work perks we’re all about investing in you and your well-being. check out our competitive employee benefits. our commitment diversity and inclusion has a place in our work every day. we are committed to creating an environment where all staff feel welcome, supported, and appreciated for their individuality. faqs find answers to your carnegie museums hiring questions, including help with the online application process. volunteer or intern interested in joining our dedicated volunteers? searching for an internship experience? here’s how to get involved. carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate