carnegie science center - home open 10 a.m.–5 p.m. closed tuesdays. the uss requin will open at 11 a.m. today. buy tickets general admission the rangos giant cinema laser shows 21+ nights special offers & discounts visit us museum hours xplor store daily calendar of events exhibits mental health: mind matters mars: the next giant leap ® the rangos giant cinema highmark sportsworks ® miniature railroad & village ® uss requin (ss 481) submarine bodyworks h 2 oh! robot hall of fame spaceplace bricksburgh netl energy zone little learner clubhouse professional services movies & experiences the rangos giant cinema laser shows live theater shows buhl planetarium shows skywatch fab lab public workshops events & programs for children for teens for adults events for all ages things to do in pittsburgh sensory sensitive science hours private event rentals daily calendar of events groups & schools programs for pre–k programs for k–5 programs for 6–8 programs for 9–12 (on site) educational field trips outreach programs groups & schools pricing select page home buy tickets! search for: summer camps open 10 a.m.–5 p.m. closed tuesdays. the uss requin will open at 11 a.m. today. view our daily calendar buy tickets mental health: mind matters movie showtimes miniature railroad & village ® buhl planetarium 21+ nights groups & schools discover endless fun and learning at carnegie science center explore pittsburgh’s most-visited museum, where science meets excitement! from hands-on exhibits and the iconic miniature railroad & village ® to the uss requin (ss 481) submarine and out-of-this-world shows in the buhl planetarium, there’s something for everyone to enjoy. learn about the transformational gift from dan and carole kamin that will help to shape the future of the science center. read more here! search for: summer camps open 10 a.m.–5 p.m. closed tuesdays. the uss requin will open at 11 a.m. today. daily calendar of events discover endless fun and learning at carnegie science center explore pittsburgh’s most-visited museum, where science meets excitement! from hands-on exhibits and the iconic miniature railroad & village ® to the uss requin (ss 481) submarine and out-of-this-world shows in the buhl planetarium, there’s something for everyone to enjoy. learn about the transformational gift from dan and carole kamin that will help to shape the future of the science center. read more here! address one allegheny ave. pittsburgh, pa 15212 phone 412.237.3400 about us frequently asked questions join our team press accessibility subscribe donate private event rentals support us & membership donation request privacy policy terms of use follow us © 2025 carnegie science center diversity carnegie science center understands, respects and values physical, cultural, economic and social differences among our visitors and staff. buy tickets general admission the rangos giant cinema laser shows 21+ nights special offers & discounts visit us museum hours xplor store daily calendar of events exhibits mental health: mind matters mars: the next giant leap ® the rangos giant cinema highmark sportsworks ® miniature railroad & village ® uss requin (ss 481) submarine bodyworks h 2 oh! robot hall of fame spaceplace bricksburgh netl energy zone little learner clubhouse professional services movies & experiences the rangos giant cinema laser shows live theater shows buhl planetarium shows skywatch fab lab public workshops events & programs for children for teens for adults events for all ages things to do in pittsburgh sensory sensitive science hours private event rentals daily calendar of events groups & schools programs for pre–k programs for k–5 programs for 6–8 programs for 9–12 (on site) educational field trips outreach programs groups & schools pricing