great event spaces - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us great event spaces whether you’re planning a wedding, corporate event, or family party, let our team at carnegie museums help you make it a memorable, one-of-a-kind experience. at the four carnegie museums, you can choose from more than 20 event spaces that bring distinctive style to weddings, cocktail parties, anniversary celebrations, and business events. we can open museum galleries and gift stores for your guests. have your party in a museum for an experience they won’t soon forget. create any atmosphere—elegant, iconic, dramatic, or out-of-this-world—in our many great event spaces. tell us about your event and let us get back to you with ideas. complete an about my event form . image gallery carnegie museums in oakland home of carnegie museums of art and natural history, consider making this historic building the site of your next special event. from gilded halls to contemporary corridors, including: carnegie music hall and its resplendent music hall foyer, arguably the grandest event space in the city; the iconic hall of architecture and hall of sculpture; scaife foyer, a contemporary space ideal for large cocktail receptions; the foster overlook to carnegie’s world-famous dinosaurs; and the stately founder’s room, where andrew carnegie once greeted his museum visitors. reserve an entire museum or arrange a private tour and reception for your guests. carnegie science center from its scenic perch along pittsburgh’s north shore, the science center doesn’t just peruse the mysteries of the universe—it offers unmatched views of pittsburgh’s famous skyline and rivers, with plenty of convenient parking, lively exhibits, and cool ideas for truly original events. pointview hall offers a panoramic view ofpittsburgh iconic bridges, point state park, the three rivers, and mount washington. the andy warhol museum why not give your next function a truly hip feel? there’s no more intriguing or distinctive space in pittsburgh—the definitive home of the art and pop sensibility of native-son andy warhol. the museum’s bold, bright lobby holds 120 seated guests and 200 for cocktails. invite your guests to mingle with celebrities on a custom tour; or rent the entire museum for an evening. you can also host business meetings, lectures, or symposiums in the museum’s state-of-the-art film and video theater. weddings at the museums make your wedding day truly memorable by celebrating it at one of the distinctively special carnegie museums. our events and catering teams will work with you to create just the right atmosphere in just the right space, large or small. note: carnegie museums reserves the right to decline or cancel bookings for our event spaces because of concerns regarding property damage, safety risks, legal liability and/or reputational harm to carnegie museums.  further, carnegie museums does not accept bookings for partisan political events or fundraisers, including voter education, registration and get-out-the-vote drives led by partisan groups. carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate