become a member - heinz history center skip main navigation skip to site alert heinz history center select a location see what's on heinz history center sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter site tickets join donate search menu you are here: home — become a member become a member skip sub navigation explore this section close become a member frequently asked questions policies join the ranks of history! showcase your pittsburgh pride by becoming a history center member today! buy your membership renew your membership buy a gift membership join the smithsonian’s home in pittsburgh today and get exclusive member perks and unlimited admission to four dynamic museums: the heinz history center , western pennsylvania sports museum , meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village , and the fort pitt museum . bonus! you’ll also become a member of the smithsonian institution, receiving the popular smithsonian magazine, members-only discounts, and more. we need your help to preserve our history. members play an essential role in the success of the history center’s mission and make it possible for the history center to: present award-winning exhibitions and public programs that engage visitors of all ages. provide educational resources for students and teachers, including national history day, educator workshops and school field trips that reach more than 35,000 students each year. preserve hundreds of thousands of historic artifacts and archival collections for future generations to enjoy. exciting members-only perks when you become a member, you receive these benefits at all levels: free, unlimited admission to the history center, the western pennsylvania sports museum, meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village, and the fort pitt museum. invitations to unique members-only events including exhibition previews, private tours, and more. subscription to western pennsylvania history quarterly magazine . subscription to making history quarterly newsletter. 10% discount on all purchases in the museum shop. 10% discount in the history center café . discounts on public programs, tours, detre library & archives services, and more. when you become a history center member, you also become a member of the smithsonian institution and receive these fantastic benefits: subscription to smithsonian monthly magazine. discounts in select smithsonian shops and dining facilities. free admission to the cooper hewitt, smithsonian design museum in new york city. (the smithsonian museums in washington, dc are free to the public.) reciprocal admission and discounts at participating smithsonian affiliate museums . and more! for questions, additional information, or details on how to purchase a history center membership as a gift, please contact the advancement team at [email protected] . memberships levels individual – $60 dual – $85 family – $110 standard benefits, plus… free, unlimited admission for 1 adult standard benefits, plus… free, unlimited admission for 2 adults standard benefits, plus… free, unlimited admission for 2 adults and 4 children (ages 17 and under) friends & family – $145 fellow – $350 standard benefits, plus… free, unlimited admission for 2 adults and 4 guests of any age receive 2 membership cards option to add a named caregiver to membership standard benefits, plus… all benefits of friends & family $4 off each additional guest admission pass (excludes programs & tours) * a portion of your membership purchase may be tax deductible, above and beyond the $60 value of tangible goods and services received. we always recommend you consult your own tax preparer. the history center recently received the coveted four-star rating from charity navigator for sound fiscal management and commitment to accountability and transparency. so you can be sure your donation is going to a good cause. buy or renew membership footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies social navigation facebook x instagram tiktok youtube email heinz history center heinz history center 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum western pennsylvania sports museum 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum fort pitt museum 601 commonwealth place, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-9284 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village 401 meadowcroft road, avella, pa 15312 (724) 587-3412 [email protected] today's hours: reopens may 2025 footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies utility tickets donate host an event shop © 2025 heinz history center sign up for our newsletter email address (required) captcha sports museum history center fort pitt meadowcroft site menu utility tickets donate host an event shop site visit heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village what’s on event calendar exhibits heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village research explore our collections detre library & archives african american program rauh jewish history program & archives italian american program publications contribute to our collections join & give become a member make a donation fundraising events commemorative gifts planned giving contribute to our collections learn for schools & teachers scout programs america 101 virtual tours blog videos & podcasts about our people press releases, awards & honors history center affiliates program event rentals contact us work with us blog search submit for you kids & families groups educators members close