heinz history center - heinz history center skip main navigation skip to site alert heinz history center select a location see what's on heinz history center sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter site tickets join donate search menu you are here: home — visit / heinz history center welcome to our neighborhood skip sub navigation explore this section close heinz history center tickets what's on kids & families accessibility directions & parking group tours as pittsburgh’s “people museum,” the history center preserves and interprets the history of western pennsylvanians through six floors of interactive exhibitions that feature iconic artifacts like the tv set from “mister rogers’ neighborhood” and the world’s oldest jeep. the western pennsylvania sports museum is located on the second and third floors of the history center. hours & location address: 1212 smallman st, pittsburgh, pa 15222 in the heart of pittsburgh’s historic strip district hours: daily from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. for the history center and sports museum holiday closures: new year’s day, easter, thanksgiving, and christmas. the detre library & archives (6th floor) operates on special hours that you can review here . america’s #1 history museum the history center was recently voted as the #1 history museum in america by usa today as part of its annual readers’ choice awards . admission adults (ages 18-64) $20 senior citizens (ages 65+) $18 youth (ages 6-17) free this february and march children (ages 5 and under) free students with valid ids $11 retired & active duty military $2 off admission access card holders $1 (can be used for up to four admissions) history center members free kids aged 17 and under receive free admission to the heinz history center this february and march, thanks to upmc and upmc health plan . what's on at the history center? exhibits &  events heinz history center get the inside scoop on featured exhibits and events at the museum. what's on preserving pittsburgh’s memories detre library & archives heinz history center research family history, explore historic images, and search thousands of documents in the detre library & archives at the history center. open wednesday through saturday and free to all visitors. detre library & archives kids & families the history center is fun for everyone! learn more about the museum’s family-friendly exhibits, activities, and amenities. discover more the museum shop the history center museum shop is your one-stop shop for all things pittsburgh. from heinz 57 to “mister rogers’ neighborhood,” browse hundreds of one-of-a-kind gifts ranging from classic to quirky. the museum shop is open seven days a week during regular museum hours, and always open online. explore the shop the café at the history center open daily during museum hours, the café at the history center offers a wide array of grab-and-go items including fresh wraps, salads, sandwiches, and kid-friendly options from common plea catering. footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies social navigation facebook x instagram tiktok youtube email heinz history center heinz history center 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum western pennsylvania sports museum 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum fort pitt museum 601 commonwealth place, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-9284 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village 401 meadowcroft road, avella, pa 15312 (724) 587-3412 [email protected] today's hours: reopens may 2025 footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies utility tickets donate host an event shop © 2025 heinz history center sign up for our newsletter email address (required) captcha sports museum history center fort pitt meadowcroft site menu utility tickets donate host an event shop site visit heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village what’s on event calendar exhibits heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village research explore our collections detre library & archives african american program rauh jewish history program & archives italian american program publications contribute to our collections join & give become a member make a donation fundraising events commemorative gifts planned giving contribute to our collections learn for schools & teachers scout programs america 101 virtual tours blog videos & podcasts about our people press releases, awards & honors history center affiliates program event rentals contact us work with us blog search submit for you kids & families groups educators members close