log out log in register myaccount subscribe newsletters advertise | classifieds | jobs | e-trib high school sports network triblive local sunday, march 9, 2025 western pennsylvania's trusted news source pittsburgh to use money from anti-violence trust fund on parks, recreation | triblive.com home local local front - - - - - pittsburgh allegheny westmoreland valley news dispatch regional - - - - - triblive local bethel park journal bridgeville signal item fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north allegheny journal north hills journal norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader plum explosion sewickley herald shaler journal south hills record sports sports front - - - - - steelers/nfl penguins/nhl pirates/mlb - - - - - breakfast with benz mark madden pitt penn state wvu duquesne robert morris - - - - - - - - - - high schools ncaa sports district colleges riverhounds outdoors - - - - - u.s./world sports olympics golf other local podcast network sports betting news news front - - - - - pennsylvania spotlight pa business bridge to business u.s./world health education instagram politics partner news from the newsroom special projects trib videos weather all stories opinion opinion front - - - - - columnists editorials cartoons featured commentary letters to the editor send a letter a&e a&e front - - - - - tv talk with rob owen music concert reviews movies & tv theater & arts events books art & museums crosswords sudoku more a&e lifestyles lifestyles front - - - - - food & drink more lifestyles asking for a friend home & garden travel video - - - - - trib videos obituaries - - - - - obituary stories tribune-review valley news dispatch carnegie signal item fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north journal norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader sewickley herald shaler journal south hills record online only all obituaries western pennsylvania's trusted news source sunday, march 9, 2025 log out log in register myaccount subscribe newsletters advertise classifieds jobs e-trib high school sports network triblive local about us get the trib sections terms of use pittsburgh pittsburgh to use money from anti-violence trust fund on parks, recreation julia felton wednesday, dec. 13, 2023 12:33 p.m. | wednesday, dec. 13, 2023 12:33 p.m. go ad-free today! massoud hossaini | tribune-review the city-county building in pittsburgh is pictured on feb. 1, 2023. email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. money from pittsburgh’s anti-violence trust fund can now be used on parks and recreation projects. city council voted unanimously tuesday to allow up to 10% of the money in the stop the violence trust fund to go to the city’s department of parks and recreation . councilman r. daniel lavelle, d-hill district, said the extra cash could help improve recreation centers and increase youth programming. the measure also changed the proportion of trust fund money that can be used internally. under existing rules , the trust fund had to allocate 60% of its budget to outside organizations. that money has gone to nonprofits across the city in the form of grants . the rest of the money is used internally, with much of it funding the office of community health and safety , which hires social workers, helps with homeless outreach, responds to drug overdoses and works to reduce violence. the legislation approved tuesday changes the allocation requirements so that half of the money in the trust fund can be used internally and half must go to outside organizations. the measure also put a cap on how much money can go into the fund at $10 million per year. this comes despite concerns from some city leaders about how much money the city gives out in grants and how little accountability there is once the money goes to outside entities . council passed legislation requiring reporting from the recipients of stop the violence grants , but officials have said recipients are largely not submitting the required form. “we are struggling every day to pay our bills in the city of pittsburgh … yet we’re giving money hand over fist to grant money,” council president theresa kail-smith, d-west end, said. “we cannot continue to hand money out when we don’t have the money to do the things that we’re responsible to do.” julia felton is a triblive reporter covering pittsburgh city hall and other news in and around pittsburgh. a la roche university graduate, she joined the trib in 2020. she can be reached at jfelton@triblive.com . remove the ads from your triblive reading experience but still support the journalists who create the content with triblive ad-free. get ad-free > sign up for notifications stay up-to-date on important news from triblive categories: local | pittsburgh | top stories email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. more pittsburgh stories pitt student on spring break in dominican republic missing since thursday 1 identified after fatal homewood north shooting university of pittsburgh housekeepers union reaches 1-year contract, says university fears federal funding cuts 2025 pittsburgh/allegheny county homicide victims 'fiscal prudence' at pitt, cmu means science writers 2025 won't be held in pittsburgh content you may have missed news spotlight springdale residents clean up, take in changed landscape following completion of power plant demolition triblive essential disability aids for a more accessible bathroom the fibertech partner news penguins' tristan jarry beats marc-andre fleury, wild in 1st nhl game since january triblive how to enhance your bathroom with a modern remodel mt pleasant window & remodeling co. partner news israel says it is cutting off its electricity supply to gaza ap russell henley with a late charge and a big eagle wins bay hill for biggest career win ap how to prepare your car for seasonal changes elusive auto shine partner news ice arrests palestinian activist who helped lead columbia university protests, his lawyer says ap how to select the right doors for your home mt pleasant window & remodeling co. partner news the importance of regular foundation maintenance highlander waterproofing and foundation repair partner news content you may have missed editor's picks kraftwerk's '70s electropop still sounds as modern as ever authorites reveal causes of death for gene hackman, his wife tracii guns on l.a. guns' new 'leopard skin' album: 'it's definitely not a metal record' crystal light vodka refreshers set to join hard seltzer market 'fiscal prudence' at pitt, cmu means science writers 2025 won't be held in pittsburgh more editor's picks > 1-800-909-8742 fax (724) 779-8743 210 wood street tarentum, pa 15084 © 2025 trib total media | all rights reserved about us about us advertise career opportunities contact advertising contact newsroom contact us feedback request correction resource center scholarship opportunities send letter to the editor send news tip subscribe subscriber services get the trib blog email newsletters etrib facebook home delivery instagram linkedin marketing minute store locations triblive app - app store triblive app - google play x (formerly twitter) sections arts & entertainment best of the best business directory contests lifestyles local news yajagoff obituaries opinion our publications real estate sports video weather terms of use cookie settings privacy policy terms of service top