western pennsylvania sports museum - heinz history center skip main navigation skip to site alert western pennsylvania sports museum select a location see what's on heinz history center sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter site tickets join donate search menu you are here: home — visit / western pennsylvania sports museum get in the game at the sports museum skip sub navigation explore this section close western pennsylvania sports museum tickets what's on accessibility directions & parking group tours when it comes to sports pride and sports history, no other region in the world compares. the western pennsylvania sports museum tells the stories of pittsburghers who became champions and champions who became pittsburghers. relive the iconic moments that made them great through hundreds of artifacts and more than 70 interactives in the two-floor museum located inside the history center. from boxing to baseball, from the sandlots to the professional leagues, your entire family will find something to cheer about. hours & location address: 1212 smallman st, pittsburgh, pa 15222 in the heart of pittsburgh’s historic strip district hours: daily from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. for the history center and sports museum holiday closures: new year’s day, easter, thanksgiving, and christmas. admission adults (ages 18-64) $20 senior citizens (ages 65+) $18 youth (ages 6-17) free this february and march children (ages 5 and under) free students with a valid school id $11 retired & active duty military $2 off admission access card holders $1 (can be used for up to four admissions) history center members free kids aged 17 and under receive free admission to the western pennsylvania sports museum this february and march, thanks to upmc and upmc health plan . tickets may be purchased in advance online or at the door. admission includes full access to the history center and sports museum. purchase tickets what's on at the sports museum? exhibits & events western pennsylvania sports museum get the inside scoop on featured exhibits and events at the museum. what's on the shop the history center museum shop is your one-stop shop for all things pittsburgh. from vintage sports tees and pennants to car magnets and books, the shop is stocked with gear that celebrates pittsburgh teams and sports history. the museum shop is open seven days a week during regular museum hours, and always open online. explore the shop footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies social navigation facebook x instagram tiktok youtube email heinz history center heinz history center 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum western pennsylvania sports museum 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum fort pitt museum 601 commonwealth place, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-9284 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village 401 meadowcroft road, avella, pa 15312 (724) 587-3412 [email protected] today's hours: reopens may 2025 footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies utility tickets donate host an event shop © 2025 heinz history center sign up for our newsletter email address (required) captcha sports museum history center fort pitt meadowcroft site menu utility tickets donate host an event shop site visit heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village what’s on event calendar exhibits heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village research explore our collections detre library & archives african american program rauh jewish history program & archives italian american program publications contribute to our collections join & give become a member make a donation fundraising events commemorative gifts planned giving contribute to our collections learn for schools & teachers scout programs america 101 virtual tours blog videos & podcasts about our people press releases, awards & honors history center affiliates program event rentals contact us work with us blog search submit for you kids & families groups educators members close