fort pitt museum - heinz history center skip main navigation skip to site alert fort pitt museum select a location see what's on heinz history center sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter site tickets join donate search menu play video pause video you are here: home — visit / fort pitt museum get to the point of pittsburgh history skip sub navigation explore this section close fort pitt museum tickets what's on accessibility directions & parking field trips scout programs discover the world-shaping events that occurred right here in pittsburgh at the fort pitt museum, located within point state park. the fort pitt museum tells the story of western pennsylvania’s pivotal role during the french & indian war, the american revolution, and as the birthplace of pittsburgh through interactive exhibitions, life-like figures, and 18th-century artifacts. during the summer months, you can witness living history in point state park as the fort pitt museum’s colonial reenactors demonstrate how life was lived during the 1700s. hours & location address: point state park, 601 commonwealth pl, pittsburgh, pa 15222 , in the heart of downtown pittsburgh. hours: daily from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m . holiday closures: new year’s day, easter, thanksgiving, and christmas. follow the footpath entrance to point state park, via commonwealth place, crossing under the portal bridge. admission adults $10 senior citizens (65+) $8 students with a valid school id $6 children ages 6-17 free this february and march children ages 5 and under free history center members free retired & active duty military receive $2 off admission kids aged 17 and under receive free admission to the fort pitt museum this february and march, thanks to upmc and upmc health plan . learn more about fort pitt museum the fort pitt museum, located in historic point state park in downtown pittsburgh, is a two-floor, 12,000-square-foot museum that tells the story of western pennsylvania’s pivotal role during the french & indian war, the american revolution, and as the birthplace of pittsburgh. the strategic location of the fort – at the forks of the ohio river – helped to shape the course of american and world history. first opened in 1969 in a reconstructed bastion, the fort pitt museum provides visitors with a rich understanding of the world-changing events that occurred right here in western pennsylvania. through interactive exhibitions, life-like historical figures, and recently added artifacts, visitors will learn the important role our region played in shaping the united states. what's on at fort pitt? fort pitt museum get the inside scoop on featured exhibits and events at the museum. what’s on the shop at fort pitt the fort pitt museum shop is your one-stop shop for quirky colonial gifts. the museum shop is open 24/7 online, and seven days a week during regular museum hours. explore the shop fort pitt block house the fort pitt museum’s historic neighbor is the fort pitt block house, owned and maintained by the pittsburgh chapter of the national society daughters of the american revolution. the block house is not affiliated with the fort pitt museum or the heinz history center. learn more footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies social navigation facebook x instagram tiktok youtube email heinz history center heinz history center 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum western pennsylvania sports museum 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum fort pitt museum 601 commonwealth place, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-9284 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village 401 meadowcroft road, avella, pa 15312 (724) 587-3412 [email protected] today's hours: reopens may 2025 footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies utility tickets donate host an event shop © 2025 heinz history center sign up for our newsletter email address (required) captcha sports museum history center fort pitt meadowcroft site menu utility tickets donate host an event shop site visit heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village what’s on event calendar exhibits heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village research explore our collections detre library & archives african american program rauh jewish history program & archives italian american program publications contribute to our collections join & give become a member make a donation fundraising events commemorative gifts planned giving contribute to our collections learn for schools & teachers scout programs america 101 virtual tours blog videos & podcasts about our people press releases, awards & honors history center affiliates program event rentals contact us work with us blog search submit for you kids & families groups educators members close