meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village - heinz history center skip main navigation skip to site alert meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village select a location see what's on heinz history center sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter site tickets join donate search menu play video pause video you are here: home — visit / meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village 19,000 years of history, all in one day skip sub navigation explore this section close meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village tickets what's on accessibility directions & parking field trips take your family on a day-long adventure at meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village, located in avella, washington county, pa. a national historic landmark, meadowcroft features a massive rock overhang – the rockshelter – used 19,000 years ago for shelter by the region’s first inhabitants. take a tour of this internationally-renowned archeological treasure and learn more about the lives of western pennsylvania’s prehistoric hunters and gatherers. at meadowcroft’s interpretive villages, you can step back in time to encounter rural life over the past 500 years. explore a wigwam and test your aim with a spear thrower at the 16th-century eastern woodland indian village, experience an 18th-century log cabin and open-sided trading post, and watch a blacksmith forge red-hot iron or take a lesson in a one-room school house at the site’s 19th-century historic village. hours & location address: 401 meadowcroft road, avella, pa 15312, in the town of avella in washington county, pa., about a one-hour drive from downtown pittsburgh hours: open seasonally from may through october may saturdays and sundays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. memorial day to labor day wednesday through sunday, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. labor day to october 29 saturdays and sundays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. driving directions admission adults $15 senior citizens (65+) $14 children ages 6-17 $7 children ages 5 and under free students with a valid school id $7 history center members free retired & active duty military receive $2 off admission teachers free this may daily tours during meadowcroft’s season, tours of the rockshelter are offered daily and last approximately one hour. times vary. please check in at the visitor center to sign up for a rockshelter tour, or call 724-587-3412 for more information. learn more about meadowcroft meadowcroft rockshelter, the oldest site of human habitation in north america, provides a unique glimpse into the lives of prehistoric hunters and gatherers. this national historic landmark, located in avella, washington county, pa., features a massive rock overhang used 19,000 years ago for shelter by the first people in north america. the enclosure at meadowcroft rockshelter provides visitors with a unique, never-before-seen perspective into the oldest and deepest parts of this internationally-renowned archeological excavation. in addition to ancient history at the rockshelter, visitors to meadowcroft can also step back in time to experience rural life over the past 500 years through a series of interpretive villages, including a 16th century eastern woodland indian village, an 18th century log cabin and open-sided trading post, and a 19th century village that includes a church, one-room schoolhouse, and blacksmith shop. bring a picnic lunch, relax, and enjoy meadowcroft’s beautiful rural setting for the afternoon. plan to spend at least three hours if you want to see all that meadowcroft has to offer. thank you to the observer-reporter for being meadowcroft’s media sponsor. what's on at meadowcroft? exhibits & events meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village learn more about meadowcroft’s upcoming public programs and everyday offerings. what's on footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies social navigation facebook x instagram tiktok youtube email heinz history center heinz history center 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum western pennsylvania sports museum 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum fort pitt museum 601 commonwealth place, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-9284 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village 401 meadowcroft road, avella, pa 15312 (724) 587-3412 [email protected] today's hours: reopens may 2025 footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies utility tickets donate host an event shop © 2025 heinz history center sign up for our newsletter email address (required) captcha sports museum history center fort pitt meadowcroft site menu utility tickets donate host an event shop site visit heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village what’s on event calendar exhibits heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village research explore our collections detre library & archives african american program rauh jewish history program & archives italian american program publications contribute to our collections join & give become a member make a donation fundraising events commemorative gifts planned giving contribute to our collections learn for schools & teachers scout programs america 101 virtual tours blog videos & podcasts about our people press releases, awards & honors history center affiliates program event rentals contact us work with us blog search submit for you kids & families groups educators members close