american girlhood: a window into history - heinz history center skip main navigation skip to site alert heinz history center select a location see what's on heinz history center sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter site tickets join donate search menu you are here: home — event calendar / american girlhood: a window into history american girlhood: a window into history event information date & time saturday, mar. 22, 2025 11:30 am - 3:00 pm location heinz history center 1212 smallman street pittsburgh pa, 15222 ticketing $10 general admission with advance registration free admission for kids aged 17 and under category kids & families register register celebrate the joy of girlhood during a multigenerational celebration of storytelling and history. presented in partnership with the university of pittsburgh’s dietrich school of arts and sciences, this special day focused on america’s favorite historical dolls will feature a book talk with three american girl book series authors, a delightful tea party, paper doll making, and more. anchoring the program are authors connie porter (the addy walker® series), jackie greene (the rebecca rubin ™ series), and wendy wan-long shang (corinne ® series) who will share their experiences writing the powerful narratives of these beloved characters. the trio will discuss how they framed important historical events and issues for younger audiences while also imparting lessons of resilience, friendship, and empowerment throughout. ahead of the book talk, kids and kids-at-heart are invited (with their dolls!) to an enchanting tea party that samantha, molly, and felicity would be proud of! enjoy light refreshments and imaginative play while you sip, savor, and socialize. throughout the day, you can also dip into your own childhood nostalgia and design a paper doll with the university of pittsburgh’s book making club, view girlhood-inspired artifacts in the detre library & archives, learn about the american girl doll lending program at local libraries, participate in a themed scavenger hunt, and browse the riverstone books pop-up shop. join us to celebrate these iconic dolls that have inspired generations of girls to face challenges with courage and recognize the strength in their stories. schedule 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. | tea party (sold out) bring your dolls and join us in the mueller center for an enchanting tea party. 1-3 p.m. | american girl authors presentation and q&a dive into the storytelling magic with the authors of the american girl addy, rebecca, and corrine books. 11:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. | museum activities paper doll making – design your own character with the university of pittsburgh girlhood artifacts & archival materials – view artifacts and archival materials from the history center collection. allegheny county library association – discover the american girl doll lending program and learn about historical literacy activities you can enjoy alongside your doll. riverstone books pop-up shop – shop american girl classics and other historical stories with riverstone books. daring dolls scavenger hunt – explore the museum with a scavenger hunt inspired by historical artifacts connected to girlhood in different eras. admission admission is $10 for adults and free for kids, thanks to the generosity of community sponsor upmc and upmc health plan . admission includes access to all activities, including the author presentation. the tea party is now sold out. the tea party and the author presentation will take place in the museum’s mueller center on the fifth floor. the paper-doll making activity will take place in the museum’s multipurpose room, located inside discovery place on the third floor. reserve tickets footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies social navigation facebook x instagram tiktok youtube email heinz history center heinz history center 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum western pennsylvania sports museum 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum fort pitt museum 601 commonwealth place, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-9284 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village 401 meadowcroft road, avella, pa 15312 (724) 587-3412 [email protected] today's hours: reopens may 2025 footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies utility tickets donate host an event shop © 2025 heinz history center sign up for our newsletter email address (required) captcha sports museum history center fort pitt meadowcroft site menu utility tickets donate host an event shop site visit heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village what’s on event calendar exhibits heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village research explore our collections detre library & archives african american program rauh jewish history program & archives italian american program publications contribute to our collections join & give become a member make a donation fundraising events commemorative gifts planned giving contribute to our collections learn for schools & teachers scout programs america 101 virtual tours blog videos & podcasts about our people press releases, awards & honors history center affiliates program event rentals contact us work with us blog search submit for you kids & families groups educators members close