kids & families - heinz history center skip main navigation skip to site alert heinz history center select a location see what's on heinz history center sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter site tickets join donate search menu play video pause video you are here: home — kids & families kids & families from our two-story “liberty tubes” slide to the original sets and puppets from mister rogers’ neighborhood, the heinz history center is the perfect pittsburgh place to explore with kids! discovery place explore pittsburgh innovations and learn about the inventing process in discovery place , a kid-friendly zone where creativity, science, and history merge! design a piece of pop art, create a rocketship and watch it fly in the wind tunnel, and build bridges using massive foam blocks in the engineering playground! as daniel tiger would say, “isn’t that grr-ific?” explore the exhibit kidsburgh serve up isaly’s ice cream at the play soda fountain, milk a full-scale mooing cow, and zoom down a spiral slide, in kidsburgh — our interactive, two-tier playplace for the history makers of tomorrow! grown-ups can even keep an eye on their children from the seating area outside kidsburgh and the cafe, thanks to a tv with a live feed of the playplace. explore the exhibit sports museum the sports museum takes kids on an epic journey through the city of champions, from the almost-forgotten tales of pittsburgh olympians to the stories of western pa. legends like franco, swin, mario, and roberto. throw a pass to lynn swann and john stallworth, sink the winning birdie in oakmont country club’s famed “church pew” bunkers, and relive the moments that make pittsburgh sports unforgettable. explore the museum mister rogers' neighborhood won’t you be our neighbor? explore the largest collection of original items from the iconic children’s television show, “mister rogers’ neighborhood,” in our special collections gallery. parents will get chills seeing familiar objects from the neighborhood of make-believe, including the entryway and living room set that mister rogers walked through to begin each show, king friday xiii’s castle, and the great oak tree (also featured on the hit pbs cartoon, “daniel tiger’s neighborhood”). explore the exhibit family-friendly amenities kid-friendly snacks and refreshments can be purchased in the history center café, located on the first floor. strollers and diaper bags are permitted within the museum. a limited number of strollers are available in the first floor coat room. baby-changing stations can be found in restrooms on the first and third floors and in the fifth floor mueller education center. visitors are welcome to nurse anywhere they feel comfortable. a private nursing room is located on the sixth floor. all exhibition floors are accessible via elevator. water fountains can be found on the first, second, and third floors and in the fifth floor mueller education center. get to the point of pittsburgh history fort pitt museum kids can step back in time and discover the world-shaping events that occurred right here in pittsburgh for free at the fort pitt museum! plan your visit family memberships join treat your family to a heinz history center membership and visit four museums for one price! a family membership includes free, unlimited admission for 2 adults and 4 children (ages 18 and under), 15% discount at all museum shops, a subscription to the smithsonian magazine and the western pennsylvania history magazine, and exclusive member events. learn more & join footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies social navigation facebook x instagram tiktok youtube email heinz history center heinz history center 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum western pennsylvania sports museum 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum fort pitt museum 601 commonwealth place, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-9284 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village 401 meadowcroft road, avella, pa 15312 (724) 587-3412 [email protected] today's hours: reopens may 2025 footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies utility tickets donate host an event shop © 2025 heinz history center sign up for our newsletter email address (required) captcha sports museum history center fort pitt meadowcroft site menu utility tickets donate host an event shop site visit heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village what’s on event calendar exhibits heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village research explore our collections detre library & archives african american program rauh jewish history program & archives italian american program publications contribute to our collections join & give become a member make a donation fundraising events commemorative gifts planned giving contribute to our collections learn for schools & teachers scout programs america 101 virtual tours blog videos & podcasts about our people press releases, awards & honors history center affiliates program event rentals contact us work with us blog search submit for you kids & families groups educators members close