the smithsonian’s home in pittsburgh - heinz history center skip main navigation skip to site alert heinz history center select a location see what's on heinz history center sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter site tickets join donate search menu you are here: home — about / the smithsonian’s home in pittsburgh the smithsonian’s home in pittsburgh the heinz history center is proud to be the flagship affiliate of the smithsonian institution. since 2000, this collaborative partnership with the world’s largest museum system has allowed the history center to bring world-class smithsonian exhibitions and artifacts to western pennsylvania. iconic smithsonian artifacts, such as the world’s oldest jeep or one of the first commercial radio transmitters, are always on view at the smithsonian’s only affiliate museum in western pennsylvania. as a smithsonian affiliate, the history center regularly hosts groundbreaking, award-winning exhibitions developed in partnership with the smithsonian institution traveling exhibition service (sites), such as destination moon: the apollo 11 mission, portraits of pittsburgh, american democracy , and more. in addition to exhibitions, the history center and the smithsonian work closely on a wide scope of projects, including public programs, educational workshops, professional development, and publications. join the smithsonian did you know? if you become a history center member , you also join the smithsonian! that means receiving amazing perks like free access to smithsonian museums, a subscription to the award-winning smithsonian magazine, discounts on the online smithsonian shop, and more. smithsonian spotlight smithsonian spotlight portrait bust of george westinghouse.  courtesy of the smithsonian institution’s national museum of american history. smithsonian spotlight bantam reconnaissance car, number 007, 1940.   affectionately known as “gramps,” this is the oldest surviving bantam jeep.  the u.s. army donated gramps to the smithsonian institution in 1944.  courtesy of the smithsonian institution’s national museum of american history. smithsonian spotlight patent model, roebling wire rope. courtesy of the smithsonian institution’s national museum of american history smithsonian spotlight model of the rodman process pioneered at the fort pitt foundry, c. 1864 (base added in 1878)   the first gun built using the rodman hollow casting process was made at the fort pitt foundry in the 1850s. in 1860, the war department commissioned rodman to build the world’s first 15-inch cannon. by 1864, rodman had also supervised the fabrication of a massive 20-inch gun. this model depicts the specialized intricate casting apparatus used in making the first 20-inch rodman, which required nearly 80 tons of molten iron poured from three furnaces. a complex four-piece mold was required to shape the cannon, which was cast in an upright position. the completed 20-inch gun barrel, one of six made at the fort pitt foundry, weighed 117,000 pounds. this model educated west point military academy cadets on the casting techniques pioneered in pittsburgh.     courtesy of the smithsonian institution’s national museum of american history smithsonian spotlight kdka transmitter, c. 1921  in the days when there were few regulations for radios, frank conrad, a westinghouse engineer, built a makeshift studio in his garage and played records over the airwaves. his supervisor at westinghouse, harry p. davis saw conrad’s hobby as a great way to sell more radios, and they applied for the first commercial radio license. on october 27, 1920, they received the call letters kdka and set up a small studio in westinghouse’s east pittsburgh works. on november 2, kdka broadcast the election results between harding and cox, credited as the first commercial radio broadcast.    courtesy of the smithsonian institution’s national museum of american history  this replica transmitter retains some parts from frank conrad’s original, which is credited with the first commercial radio broadcast. footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies social navigation facebook x instagram tiktok youtube email heinz history center heinz history center 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum western pennsylvania sports museum 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum fort pitt museum 601 commonwealth place, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-9284 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village 401 meadowcroft road, avella, pa 15312 (724) 587-3412 [email protected] today's hours: reopens may 2025 footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies utility tickets donate host an event shop © 2025 heinz history center sign up for our newsletter email address (required) captcha sports museum history center fort pitt meadowcroft site menu utility tickets donate host an event shop site visit heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village what’s on event calendar exhibits heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village research explore our collections detre library & archives african american program rauh jewish history program & archives italian american program publications contribute to our collections join & give become a member make a donation fundraising events commemorative gifts planned giving contribute to our collections learn for schools & teachers scout programs america 101 virtual tours blog videos & podcasts about our people press releases, awards & honors history center affiliates program event rentals contact us work with us blog search submit for you kids & families groups educators members close