policies - heinz history center skip main navigation skip to site alert heinz history center select a location see what's on heinz history center sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter site tickets join donate search menu you are here: home — policies policies use this page to view our privacy policy and our social media policy . privacy policy a commitment to your privacy your privacy is very important to us. to better protect your privacy our policies below explain the information we collect, how it is used, how it is safeguarded, and how to contact us if you have any concerns. what information is collected: online shop, ticket purchases, and event registrations when you make a purchase from the history center museum shop, buy tickets online, or register for our events, we require your name, billing and shipping addresses, telephone number, email address, and credit card information in order to process your order. your credit card information will be used only as needed to process your transaction. we work to ensure that such transactions utilize ssl (secure socket layer) encryption. ssl technology, an industry standard, is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our site from capturing and viewing your personal information. since any order information you provide to us on our site will be transmitted using a secure connection, if your web browser cannot support this level of security, you will not be able to order products through our site. unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure. while we strive to protect your information as much as possible, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of that information. online memberships and donations when you purchase a history center membership or make an online donation, we ask you to provide us with the information we need to process your membership and/or to acknowledge your contribution. this information includes your name, billing and shipping addresses, telephone number, email address and credit card information. your credit card information will be used only as needed to process your transaction. we work to ensure that such transactions utilize ssl (secure socket layer) encryption. ssl technology, an industry standard, is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our site from capturing and viewing your personal information. since any order information you provide to us on our site will be transmitted using a secure connection, if your web browser cannot support this level of security, you will not be able to order products through our site. unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure. while we strive to protect your information as much as possible, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of that information. online surveys from time to time, we may invite you to participate in surveys posted on our website or sent to you by email. you may decide whether or not you wish to complete such surveys, which may ask about your background, opinions or similar questions. we use this information to help us better understand our audience, which in turn allows us to better meet your needs and interests. history center e-newsletter as a service, the history center offers the opportunity to subscribe to our e-newsletter. if you choose to subscribe, you will receive these newsletters. you may subscribe or unsubscribe at any time by following the e-newsletter instructions. children eighteen years old and younger the heinz history center does not solicit personal information from children. visitors 18 years of age and under should remember that they are required to obtain an adult’s permission before submitting any personal information to this or any other website. on-site purchases, donations, and other transactions when you make a purchase from the heinz history center, meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village or the fort pitt museum, any information gathered is used only as needed to process your transaction. while we strive to protect your information as much as possible, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of that information. disclosure of personal information the history center does not sell or rent any information to third parties. this applies to all donor information, including transactions both online and on-site. periodically we do trade donor lists with other similar non-profit organizations that might be of interest to you. these trades may include your name, postal address, email address, and phone number. donors and others may choose to opt out of these trades and their names will be removed from such lists within 48 hours. if you would like to opt out or if you have comments or questions regarding the history center’s privacy policy, please contact us at [email protected] . information collected automatically the history center may automatically collect information relating to visitors when they access our website. this information may include information on how you use our website, what pages you have visited, or any errors that occurred while you were visiting our sites. this information may be used to help us in developing content and improving our website to create the best experience for our visitors. in addition to information collected automatically, we may also utilize cookies, i.e. small files sent to your browser by our website when you visit. cookies can be used to track usage patterns, trends and visitor behavior, as well as to record other information regarding your visit. information that we collect from cookies will only be used in aggregate form. use and disclosure of the information we collect on the history center website the history center uses the personal information you provide to us for internal purposes, such as filling and tracking your order, analyzing trends and collecting statistics. the history center may also compile and provide aggregate statistics about our visitors, customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to third parties, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information. the history center may release account information when such release is reasonably necessary to comply with the law; enforce the terms of any of our user agreements; or protect the rights, property and safety of the history center, the users of its site or others. if you have provided us with your email address, we may send you emails in order to inform you of events or activities that we believe may be of interest to you, or to alert you about sales or other promotions. if you would like to opt out from these communications, these emails include an “unsubscribe” option that you may select. changes to privacy policy this privacy policy may change from time to time. the history center reserves the right to change it without notice. last updated july 2022 social media policy the senator john heinz history center is an educational institution that engages and inspires large and diverse audiences through programs that enable links to the past, understanding in the present, and guidance for the future by preserving regional history and presenting the american experience with a western pennsylvania connection. we encourage visitors to the history center, sports museum, fort pitt museum, and meadowcroft to share their experiences on social media. we strive to ensure that our social media channels provide a public forum for respectful discussion and dialogue. the heinz history center, fort pitt museum, and meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village reserve the right to hide, remove, or report any posts, comments, or content on socia media that include the following: the use of threatening language, harassment, racism, bullying, profanity, attacks on or intimidation of any party, including our online community members or the history center’s staff; malicious speech regarding topics of gender, sexual orientation, religion, gender identity, age, ethnic origin or race; sexist comments; hate speech; suggestion or encouragement of illegal activities; and demeaning remarks about personal appearance. failure to provide appropriate explanatory context for any links, photos, and videos you post. repeated posts to our facebook wall, which may be treated as spam and deleted; repeat offenders may be banned. information that is false, inaccurate, or misleading. the inclusion of third-party intellectual property, such as any copyright-protected material, trademarks or logos and/or any violations of rights of publicity or privacy the solicitation or marketing of products or services. spam, malicious, or fraudulent links. please note: the heinz history center reserves the right to ban repeat offenders from posting on our social media platforms. by posting, commenting, or replying on one of our posts on our social media channels or on our website’s blog, you are agreeing to abide by this policy and that of the particular platform you are utilizing. the history center’s social media policy is designed to provide our online community with a positive experience on our platforms. we hope you find our social content to be educational, thought-provoking, and inspiring. we encourage you to contact us at [email protected] with any issues, questions, or suggestions on how we can improve your social media experience. this social media policy may change from time to time. the heinz history center reserves the right to change it without notice. last updated july 2022 footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies social navigation facebook x instagram tiktok youtube email heinz history center heinz history center 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum western pennsylvania sports museum 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum fort pitt museum 601 commonwealth place, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-9284 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village 401 meadowcroft road, avella, pa 15312 (724) 587-3412 [email protected] today's hours: reopens may 2025 footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies utility tickets donate host an event shop © 2025 heinz history center sign up for our newsletter email address (required) captcha sports museum history center fort pitt meadowcroft site menu utility tickets donate host an event shop site visit heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village what’s on event calendar exhibits heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village research explore our collections detre library & archives african american program rauh jewish history program & archives italian american program publications contribute to our collections join & give become a member make a donation fundraising events commemorative gifts planned giving contribute to our collections learn for schools & teachers scout programs america 101 virtual tours blog videos & podcasts about our people press releases, awards & honors history center affiliates program event rentals contact us work with us blog search submit for you kids & families groups educators members close