research - heinz history center skip main navigation skip to site alert heinz history center select a location see what's on heinz history center sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter site tickets join donate search menu you are here: home — research research the collection skip sub navigation explore this section close research explore our collections detre library & archives african american program rauh jewish history program & archives italian american program publications contribute to our collections the history center is committed to collecting, preserving, and providing access to materials that document the stories of western pennsylvanians over the past 250 years. our materials range from the extraordinary — the original set from the iconic television show “mister rogers’ neighborhood” — to the quirky — a piece of hair that may or may not be from the head of george washington — to the everyday — photographs of family gatherings and yearbooks from yesteryear. in addition to general collections, the history center also has special initiatives for the collection of ethnic artifacts, including the african american program , the italian american program , and the rauh jewish archives . museum artifact search heinz history center with more than 50,000 artifacts in the collection, the history center has a wide variety of materials and objects  that document life in western pennsylvania. explore museum artifact detre library & archives resources library catalog the thomas & katherine detre library & archives offers a non-circulating collection of materials documenting life in western pennsylvania. search our online catalog for books, archival collections, periodicals, and more. search the catalog historic pittsburgh digitized archives historic pittsburgh comprises primary and secondary sources about the greater pittsburgh region, including a wide range of publications, maps, manuscripts, visual images, and audio-video materials, that support personal and scholarly research. search historic pittsburgh the jewish encyclopedia of western pennsylvania the jewish encyclopedia of western pennsylvania is a descriptive record of jewish history in western pennsylvania. this online encyclopedia provides basic information about hundreds of jewish people, families, congregations, organizations, charities, businesses, and events going back to 1755. search the encylopedia library & archives finding aids finding aids provide descriptions of the contents and creators of archival collections. search over 900 from the detre library & archives at historic pittsburgh. search finding aids explore more history center resources digital collection highlights interested to learn more about the various collections we have at the history center? check out highlights from our digital collection. digital collection highlights google arts & culture explore the history center’s collections – including presidential history, mister rogers’ neighborhood, and vintage valentines, and heinz company history – on google arts & culture. google arts & culture making history blog the history center’s blog features posts on western pennsylvania history, from the desk of the library & archives, collection spotlights, & more. making history blog western pennsylvania history magazine western pennsylvania history is the region’s oldest continuously-published magazine. history center members receive a free subscription to the award-winning quarterly publication. western pennsylvania history magazine databases and resources the library and resources has other databases that can help with in-depth research and learning more about western pennsylvania history. additional resources bibliographies the following bibliographies list manuscripts and published materials held in the detre library & archives relating to or including information on specific topics, such as genealogy, major u.s. wars, and immigrant groups. please note that the following are not intended to be comprehensive in scope. additional bibliographies will be added as they are created. bibliographies footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies social navigation facebook x instagram tiktok youtube email heinz history center heinz history center 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum western pennsylvania sports museum 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum fort pitt museum 601 commonwealth place, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-9284 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village 401 meadowcroft road, avella, pa 15312 (724) 587-3412 [email protected] today's hours: reopens may 2025 footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies utility tickets donate host an event shop © 2025 heinz history center sign up for our newsletter email address (required) captcha sports museum history center fort pitt meadowcroft site menu utility tickets donate host an event shop site visit heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village what’s on event calendar exhibits heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village research explore our collections detre library & archives african american program rauh jewish history program & archives italian american program publications contribute to our collections join & give become a member make a donation fundraising events commemorative gifts planned giving contribute to our collections learn for schools & teachers scout programs america 101 virtual tours blog videos & podcasts about our people press releases, awards & honors history center affiliates program event rentals contact us work with us blog search submit for you kids & families groups educators members close