america 101 - heinz history center skip main navigation skip to site alert heinz history center select a location see what's on heinz history center sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter site tickets join donate search menu you are here: home — learn / america 101 america 101 skip sub navigation explore this section close america 101 the civic season apps as the largest history museum in the commonwealth of pennsylvania and a proud affiliate of the smithsonian institution, the heinz history center is committed to telling the american story and inspiring a community of citizens to explore what it means to be an american. the history center’s america 101 initiative empowers citizens to know and act on the promise of the country’s founders, enabling people today to write the next chapter of our democracy. the museum engages visitors through public programs, special exhibitions, digital learning tools, and educational curriculum. it hosts the award-winning “be the change: 9th grade civics summit” program, u.s. naturalization ceremonies, american flag folding events, and other forums to discuss issues such as civics, government, immigration, and history. by 2026 – america’s 250th anniversary – america 101 will ensure that citizens in western pa. and beyond are more knowledgeable about american history and able to pass the history and civics portion of the u.s. citizenship test. america 101 is supported by nimick forbesway foundation, grable foundation, jack buncher foundation, charity randall foundation, and upmc. the citizen you app the intuitive and easy-to-use citizen you mobile app is designed to foster civic engagement by gamifying everyday civic actions. the free app helps bring together citizens of all ages to compete in challenges and earn points for a variety of civic-minded activities including attending local council meetings, helping a neighbor in need, and (most importantly) voting! search “citizen you” on the app store or google play to download the app. learn more the america 101 app could you pass the exam that contains the basic information our government believes all new citizens should know? use the america 101 app to explore the history center’s exhibitions, where you can test your knowledge of american history and civics, solve challenges, and create shareable memories. learn more made by us the senator john heinz history center and leading civic and history organizations across the united states recently launched made by us, a national coalition that presents history in relevant, provocative and innovative ways. with a mission to help address the issues our society faces in real-time, made by us brings history out of the textbooks and into the digital and social space. the made by us steering committee includes leaders from eight iconic historical organizations, including the heinz history center, smithsonian’s national museum of american history, national archives, thomas jefferson’s monticello, new-york historical society, atlanta history center, historymiami, and missouri historical society. learn more virtual tour: american democracy: a great leap of faith the history center examines the bold experiment to create a government “of the people, by the people, and for the people” in its dynamic online exhibition, american democracy: a great leap of faith. developed in partnership with the smithsonian’s national museum of american history and the smithsonian institution traveling exhibition service (sites), the exhibit showcases the history of how we’ve voted, protested, and engaged with our politics, from the nation’s formation to today. the exhibit was on view at the history center in 2021. view exhibit from the collection the elaine b. and carl krasik collection of pennsylvania and presidential political memorabilia contains thousands of pieces of ephemera that documents more than 200 years of state and national politics. explore on our blog view all posts pennsylvania women and the vote resilience in ruffles: a new look at pittsburgh’s suffrage shirtwaist ball pennsylvania political ephemera through the years what a political ribbon shows about the political process women’s right to vote don’t tread on me: the flag of colonel john proctor’s 1st battalion of westmoreland county, pa. prohibition’s legacy in pennsylvania view all posts footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies social navigation facebook x instagram tiktok youtube email heinz history center heinz history center 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum western pennsylvania sports museum 1212 smallman street, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 454-6000 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum fort pitt museum 601 commonwealth place, pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-9284 [email protected] today's hours: 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village 401 meadowcroft road, avella, pa 15312 (724) 587-3412 [email protected] today's hours: reopens may 2025 footer home about contact us accessibility health & safety work with us sitemap policies utility tickets donate host an event shop © 2025 heinz history center sign up for our newsletter email address (required) captcha sports museum history center fort pitt meadowcroft site menu utility tickets donate host an event shop site visit heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village what’s on event calendar exhibits heinz history center western pennsylvania sports museum fort pitt museum meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village research explore our collections detre library & archives african american program rauh jewish history program & archives italian american program publications contribute to our collections join & give become a member make a donation fundraising events commemorative gifts planned giving contribute to our collections learn for schools & teachers scout programs america 101 virtual tours blog videos & podcasts about our people press releases, awards & honors history center affiliates program event rentals contact us work with us blog search submit for you kids & families groups educators members close