calendar of events | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters tickets membership home calendar calendar what's happening at the frick exhibitions on view march 1, 2025 - may 25, 2025 kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) august 17, 2024 - march 30, 2025 pittsburgh builds bridges permanent collection chinese porcelains from the collection from carriages to cars duquesne soundwalk at the frick today at the frick duquesne soundwalk at the frick learn more car and carriage museum learn more the frick art museum learn more signature clayton tour experience: gilded, not golden learn more view all dates filter by... all adults kids and family online in-person clear activity & event types... all exhibition programs special events lectures music and films tours workshops gallery talks exhibitions ticketed free clear all categories all categories adults kids and family online in-person all types all types exhibition programs special events lectures music and films tours workshops gallery talks exhibitions ticketed free clear march 2025 duquesne soundwalk at the frick every sunday tuesday wednesday thursday friday saturday 8:00 am - 6:00 pm duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of frick history to life in multisensory installation learn more kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) march 1, 2025 - may 25, 2025 10:00 am - 5:00 pm kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) comes to the frick art museum from march 1 through may 25, 2025. learn more get tickets car and carriage museum every sunday tuesday wednesday thursday friday saturday 10:00 am - 5:00 am explore the frick's collection of historic carriages and automobiles. learn more the frick art museum every sunday tuesday wednesday thursday friday saturday 10:00 am - 5:00 pm enjoy the frick's collection of historic and contemporary painting and decorative arts alongside traveling exhibitions. learn more view current exhibitions signature clayton tour experience: gilded, not golden every sunday tuesday wednesday thursday friday saturday 10:15 am - 3:00 pm immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, pittsburgh, and the frick family. learn more schedule a tour car and carriage museum guided tour | 1 p.m. every saturday 1:00 pm - 2:00 pm join a guided tour of the car and carriage museum and explore the story of america's transition from carriage to car. learn more car and carriage museum guided tour | 3 p.m. every saturday 3:00 pm - 4:00 pm join a guided tour of the car and carriage museum and explore the story of america's transition from carriage to car. learn more gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 1:30 p.m. every wednesday friday saturday 1:30 pm - 1:50 pm join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated). learn more buy exhibition tickets 1 2 it's free to visit the frick pittsburgh. admission is required for clayton tours and special exhibitions. plan your visit keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!