the cafe at the frick | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters tickets membership home the café dine in pittsburgh's most beautiful setting the café at the frick enjoy casual dining with a picturesque view of pittsburgh's best backyard. sample savory lunch options, daily afternoon teas, curated coffees and cocktails, and more! new: skip the line and order ahead! online carry out orders are available every day the café at the frick is open. please note that online orders are for carry out only. a table will not be reserved for you if you order online. order online share the joy of a trip to the café at the frick with our gift cards! treat your loved ones or yourself to a delicious meal in our garden getaway. purchase gift card food menu starters cheese board three varieties of cheese, honey, berries, crostini charcuterie board three selections from parma sausage, olives, gherkins celebration board a combination of cheese & charcuterie selections sesame seed seared ahi tuna sticky rice, soy sauce, wasabi shrimp cocktail lemon, cocktail sauce brunch liege belgian waffles with strawberries, house-made clotted cream bacon available for an extra charge smoked salmon flatbread chilled smoked salmon, diced egg, red onion, capers, fresh dill, and cream cheese on a toasted flatbread roasted vegetable quiche zucchini, scallions, tomato, gouda pancakes raspberry puree, fresh berries, goat cheese, clotted cream donut holes cake donuts, choice of: glazed, powdered sugar, cinnamon sugar, hot honey, plain soups & salads scratch made soup café caesar salad romaine, shaved parmesan, croutons, classic dressing add grilled chicken, smoked salmon, chilled shrimp, or sesame seed seared tuna café house salad mixed greens, cucumber, tomato, olives, carrots, pepita, balsamic vinaigrette crab cake salad jumbo lump crab cake, ruby lettuce, shaved parmesan, lemon vinaigrette, old bay aioli beet salad arugula, goat cheese, candied pecans, mandarin oranges, citrus dressing lunch flatbreads choose from one of the following*: shredded mozzarella pepperoni and mozzarella red pepper hummus, spinach, hot honey chicken, bacon, bbq, monterey jack, onion *gluten-free crust available for additional charge sandwiches all sandwiches come with chips and a pickle spear turkey & swiss roasted turkey breast, dijon mustard, arugula, pretzel bun grilled chicken shawarma style grilled chicken breast, shawarma sauce, tomato, carrots, ruby lettuce, whole grain roll roast beef & monterey jack caramelized onions, crimini mushrooms, spinach, french style hoagie bun vegetable wrap romaine, red pepper hummus, tomato, carrots, cucumber, arugula afternoon tea choice of two finger sandwiches, choice of scone, house-made clotted cream, jam, sweets, and your choice of loose-leaf tea baked goods a selection of baked goods from mediterra bakehouse , glen's custard , jak's bakery , and others. vegan options available. please inform your server of any food allergies and/or dietary restrictions. consuming raw or undercooked meats, poultry, seafood, shellfish, or eggs may increase your risk of foodborne illness, especially if you have a medical condition. drink menu coffee & tea la prima espresso, cappucino/latte, cold brew, drip harney & sons loose-leaf tea black tea apricot, chai, chocolate mint, english breakfast, helen's earl grey (regular/decaf), frick (assam, keeman, ceylon, oolong), paris, rose, russian country herbal & green chamomile, french super blue lavender, ginger licorice, peppermint, raspberry, tokyo beverages non-alcoholic iced tea brazilian lemonade lemonade arnold palmer soda bottled water frick house wines pinot grigio chardonnay bubbles pinot noir cabernet sauvignon beer stella artois bell's 2 hearted east end big hop seasonal cocktails frick 75 bellini mimosa spiked brazilian lemonade bailey's & mint hot chocolate cocktails and wine available for dine in or carry out on our grounds crafted cocktails and marvelous mocktails crafted cocktails red cap sangria red wine sangria with cherry liqueur, lemon, oranges, cucumber, bitters the young artist scotch, amaretto, bitters shield bearer whiskey, lavender syrup, lemon juice baroque grapefruit vodka, fresh basil, hot honey, lime juice, soda water garden mojito white rum, cucumber, jalapeño, mint, lime lady julia espresso, vodka, crème de cacao, cherry liqueur symphony in grey & green pernod, lavender & earl grey simple syrup, gin, fresh squeezed orange, bitters marvelous mocktails the pond pineapple juice, basil, lime juice, soda water the noble woman strawberry syrup, basil, soda water the playhouse garden mint, cucumber, lime, simple syrup, soda water cocktails and wine available for dine in or carry out on our grounds don't see your favorite? we can likely make it for you, so please ask! frequently asked questions we’ve received a lot of inquiries about the current business model and future of the café. we thank you for your continued support and hope to answer some of your questions below. why did you change the café? wasn’t it already perfect? the atmosphere is magical, and we are committed to keeping it so. but certain aspects of the café’s pre-covid business model didn't serve all of our visitors as well as they should. the adjustments we've made address some specific challenges: in the past, the café served a small number of people very well, but the great majority of our visitors not at all. during our busiest months, from april to december, the café was been fully booked at lunchtime days in advance. we routinely turned away two, three, and even four times as many people as we could seat. without an opportunity for rest and refreshment, many visitors left the frick before they could experience all we have to offer. by expanding our open hours, we hope to increase the number of visitors we can serve. from quick-and-easy delights to special-occasion indulgences, we are aiming to meet the needs of as many of our visitors as possible. hours tuesday–sunday 9:30 am–3 pm reservations not accepted the café is wheelchair-accessible and has single-stall all-gender restrooms. we're hiring! learn more here . keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!