accessibility | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters tickets membership home accessibility accessibility the frick welcomes all visitors and strives to provide the best possible experience for everyone who visits the site. if you have questions about accessibility or navigating the site that are not addressed below please contact us at 412-371-0600 or by email at info@thefrickpittsburgh.org. parking ada compliant parking is available in our reynolds street parking lot both near the frick art museum and the grable visitors' center. navigating the site visiting the various museums on site requires moving from building to building throughout our 10-acre campus. (view a site map here .) tours of clayton require walking from the grable visitor center to clayton, where a lift is available for first floor access. estimated walk times from the grable visitor center to buildings on the frick site follow: grable visitor center to the frick art museum: estimated walk time 2 – 4 minutes grable visitor center to education center: estimated walk time 1 minute grable visitor center to car and carriage museum: estimated walk time 1 minute grable visitor center to the café at the frick:  estimated walk time 1 – 2 minutes grable visitor center to greenhouse : estimated walk time 1 – 2 minutes grable visitor center to clayton:  estimated walk time 3 – 5 minutes wheelchairs and motorized scooters a drop off area for wheelchairs is located along homewood avenue, near the car and carriage museum. wheelchair accessible buildings include the frick art museum, the café, the car and carriage museum, the grable visitor center, the education center, and the first floor of clayton. we also welcome personal wheelchairs, walkers, and motorized scooters. please note that motorized scooters greater than 30" wide cannot navigate the doorways of clayton. a narrated video tour of clayton’s second floor is provided for visitors unable to visit the second floor. wheelchairs are available for visitor use on a first-come, first-served basis at the grable visitor center, the frick art museum and the car and carriage museum. restrooms accessible restrooms are available in the grable visitor center, the frick art museum, the car and carriage museum and the education center. restrooms are not available in clayton. private all gender restrooms are located in the grable visitor center, the education center, and the café. opened in april of 2024, the frick art museum now features an americans with disabilities act (ada)-compliant restroom — an all-gender accessible family space intended to better serve frick visitors of all ages, identities, and abilities doors power-assist doors can be found at the frick art museum, the grable visitor center, the car and carriage museum, and the community room. families the scott family infant care room new at the frick, the scott family infant care room was designed as a space for caregivers to tend to their young children during their visit in comfort and privacy. located in the grable visitor center, the scott family infant care room is decorated cheerfully with custom wallpaper designed by local artist clinton van gemert, and features a cozy armchair, white noise machine, changing table, and toys for little ones to enjoy. baby changing stations are located in the grable visitor center, the frick art museum and the car and carriage museum. strollers are welcome in all buildings on site except clayton. service animals service animals are permitted in all public areas of the museum. service animals are trained to perform specific tasks for an individual with a disability as defined by the americans with disabilities act. comfort animals, therapy animals, companion animals, or emotional support animals are not service animals as defined by the ada and are not allowed. the ada guidelines regarding service animals can be accessed here. aides professional aides accompanying visitors are admitted to clayton and to ticketed exhibitions at no charge (one aide per guest). to make a reservation for a professional aide, please call us at 412-371-0600 in advance of your visit. sign language american sign language interpreters are available at no charge for tours and programs with advance notice to ensure availability. requests for an asl interpreter must be made at least two weeks in advance of the date of the visit by contacting kelsie torrenti paul, manager of interpretation and engagement, at 412-342-4063 or kpaul@thefrickpittsburgh.org .  payment for the tour or program must be made in advance. large print large print labels are available for visitors to special exhibitions.  labels can be requested at the admissions desk in the frick art museum. membership the frick offers an ada membership for $30 per year for one person and one aide. for a full list of benefits or to join, visit our membership page here or call the membership office at 412-342-4086 or email us . overview hours & admission today at the frick directions & transportation plan your visit site map accessibility tours group visits accessibility coordinator the frick’s accessibility coordinator is amanda dunyak gillen, director of learning & visitor experience. she can be reached at agillen@thefrickpittsburgh.org or 412-342-4072. keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!