see and do | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters tickets membership home see and do see and do customize your frick experience with so much to see and do, every visit to the frick can be different. experience the culture and refinement of the gilded age in a beautiful setting no other museum in pittsburgh can offer. . overview the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group virtual experiences grable visitor center start your visit here! purchase tickets, shop, and learn about the frick site. learn more clayton immerse yourself in the restored home of the frick family. learn more the frick art museum view stunning temporary exhibitions and our permanent collection. learn more car and carriage museum explore the frick's collection of turn of the 20th century cars and carriages. learn more greenhouse and gardens stroll the 10-acre campus and visit a working greenhouse. learn more playhouse imagine playing in your own personal playhouse, complete with bowling alley! learn more the café enjoy a treat at the café at the frick tuesday–sunday, 9:30 am–3 pm. learn more community room the perfect venue for a meeting or small event. learn more what's happening at the frick there’s always something going on at the frick pittsburgh. we offer a variety of inspiring programs and events for visitors of all ages. the frick pittsburgh 03/09/2025 8:00 am duquesne soundwalk at the frick duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of frick history to life in multisensory installation learn more the frick art museum 03/09/2025 10:00 am kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) comes to the frick art museum from march 1 through ... learn more 03/09/2025 10:00 am car and carriage museum explore the frick's collection of historic carriages and automobiles. learn more check in at the grable visitor center 03/09/2025 10:15 am signature clayton tour experience: gilded, not golden immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, pittsburgh, and the frick family. learn more the frick art museum 03/12/2025 1:30 pm gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 1:30 p.m. join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in kara walker: harper's pictorial history ... learn more the frick art museum 03/12/2025 2:30 pm gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 2:30 p.m. join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in kara walker: harper's pictorial history ... learn more car and carriage museum 03/15/2025 1:00 pm car and carriage museum guided tour | 1 p.m. join a guided tour of the car and carriage museum and explore the story of america's transition from carriage to car. learn more car and carriage museum 03/15/2025 3:00 pm car and carriage museum guided tour | 3 p.m. join a guided tour of the car and carriage museum and explore the story of america's transition from carriage to car. learn more the frick art museum auditorium 03/29/2025 4:00 pm echoes: an evening of music with kea kea weaves together music, poetry, and visual elements to reflect on the legacy of racial history in america. learn more the frick art museum auditorium 03/30/2025 2:00 pm the art of the crucifixion: from anguish to absurdity join kahren jones arbitman, ph.d. for a lecture exploring the long evolution of the artistic depiction of christ on the ... learn more the frick art museum 04/16/2025 6:00 pm guided evening tour of kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) spend an evening in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) for an exclusive guide... learn more the frick art museum auditorium 04/24/2025 7:00 pm book talk: dr. edda fields-black on harriet tubman and the combahee river raid join the frick pittsburgh and dr. edda fields-black for an examination of untold stories and reclaimed histories through... learn more the frick art museum 05/01/2025 7:00 pm guest label writers in conversation you're invited to a lively and interactive evening where guest labelists share the insights behind the kara walker works... learn more the frick art museum 05/07/2025 6:00 pm guided evening tour of kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) spend an evening in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) for an exclusive guide... learn more programs and events explore the many exciting programs and events offered at the frick, from lectures, to concerts and everything in between! view all events exhibition programs the frick offers a wide range of exhibition-related public programs for all ages. learn more special events from exhibition openings to summer fridays, don't miss these special events. learn more lectures attend a fascinating lecture by a leading scholar or expert. learn more music and films round out your cultural experience with music and films. learn more tours enjoy a tour of clayton or one of our museums. learn more workshops get creative at a professionally-led workshop. learn more gallery talks learn more about an exhibition by attending a gallery talk. learn more exhibitions explore world-class exhibitions covering a wide variety of cultural and artistic topics. learn more ticketed buy your tickets in advance for these exhibitions, tours, events, and more. learn more free enjoy member and donor supported free events and programs! learn more just for you the frick is for everyone! explore our in-person and virtual programs specially created for all ages. view all events adults lectures, workshops, adult learning programs, and special events. learn more kids and family programs and events the entire family can enjoy. learn more online programs and events you can enjoy virtually from anywhere. learn more in-person programs and events happening at the frick pittsburgh. learn more plan ahead make the most of your visit exhibitions explore our museums for world-class permanent and temporary exhibitions learn more tours enhance your experience with a docent-led tour learn more the café enjoy a treat at the café at the frick tuesday–sunday, 9:30 am–3 pm learn more store visit the museum store for a unique and carefully curated selection of gifts learn more know before you go familiarize yourself with the frick's visitation guidelines and policies learn more accessibility we are committed to offering an inclusive experience for all visitors learn more school visits let our staff personalize your school group visit learn more group visits get information on scheduling a customized group visit learn more visit our virtual museum learn more @frickpgh on instagram right now at the frick it's free to visit the frick pittsburgh. admission is required for clayton tours and special exhibitions. plan your visit keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!