learning | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters virtual museum donate home learn we never stop learning learning at the frick we believe that every visit is an opportunity to learn, to be inspired and to be delighted by art, history and nature, and we offer many different opportunities to learn in ways that mean the most to you. take a guided tour of clayton or explore the current exhibition on your own, join us for a workshop or a lunchtime lecture, or simply walk the grounds and feel refreshed. we welcome you to visit and discover all that you can learn at the frick. looking to schedule a field trip? january and february offer more flexibility in available dates. consider scheduling a program during this time to save $2 per student. learn more and schedule today! for educators our hands-on learning programs for students k-12 are teacher friendly, address academic standards and use art, history, and nature to understand different times and contexts.  frick programs address cross curricular standards, integrating writing, art, science and even economics to broaden student perspectives. if you're interested in bringing your students to the frick, our 2024-2025 school programs booklet is the best place to start the planning process. the booklet contains all of the information you need to plan an exciting, engaging field trip for your students, including program descriptions by grade level, lunch information, and tips for booking. by popular demand, we have also added an a la carte option that allows you to customize your own field trip experience! download your free copy below. school program booklet if you plan to visit the frick as a self-guided student group, please review our museum guidelines for self-guided groups ahead of your arrival. view guidelines school programs the frick pittsburgh is committed to offering engaging, thoughtful student programs both online and on-site in our three museums. our programs explore the interdisciplinary nature of the frick—from fine art in the frick art museum, to life in the gilded age in clayton, to the history of transportation in our car and carriage museum. learn more teacher professional development at the frick we not only welcome students, but teachers too!  throughout the year we offer teacher workshops that focus on a wide variety of art, history, and other educational topics through multidisciplinary, standards-based workshops.  these programs offer act 48 activity hours while providing teachers with fresh and practical classroom-ready suggestions. view programs learning resources we offer a variety of multi-disciplinary resources designed to support educators at every grade level, regardless of whether they are teaching remotely or in the classroom. view resources family programs the frick pittsburgh is a wonderful place to spend time with your family.  we offer programs throughout the year that give families the opportunity to engage together in hands-on learning through museum visits, art making, and outdoor activities on our grounds. our learning activities are for children of all ages. view calendar workshops nurture your creativity at the frick! young artists ages 11-14 will cultivate their imaginations with the frick's teaching artists during monthly hands-on workshops. each session is inspired by the frick's museums or grounds, and includes a short tour experience followed by a guided art workshop. view calendar adult programs throughout the year, the frick pittsburgh presents a wide variety of thoughtful, enlightening, and enjoyable programs for adults. from exhibition lectures and special events to classes and workshops, frick programming offers numerous opportunities for adults to connect with our collections, exhibitions and each other. view calendar outreach we offer a variety of outreach programs for adults through local libraries, senior centers and community centers, and we also regularly host activity tables at community events throughout the city. learn more overview for educators family programs workshops adult programs outreach summer camps summer camp art, history, nature explore, imagine and create in pittsburgh’s best backyard! enjoy a week filled with art making and explorations throughout the frick’s museums.  projects and content will be adjusted to fit each grade level. learn more keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!