virtual experiences | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters tickets membership home virtual virtual museum the frick is committed to providing virtual museum experiences for our visitors. enjoy the following from the comfort of your home! explore the frick virtual tours take a virtual tour of our museums and gardens: the frick art museum permanent galleries first floor of clayton car and carriage museum grounds and gardens virtual exhibitions enjoy our virtual exhibitions : collection highlights gilded age fashion entertaining at home vive la france! collecting millet around the world portraits & personalites curator talks slay: an introduction to slay: artemisia gentileschi & kehinde wiley investigating the story of judith & holofernes author talk with gina siciliano— i know what i am: the life and times of artemisia gentileschi the unofficial gilded age after show: the unofficial gilded age after show (episode 1) the unofficial gilded age after show (episode 2) the unofficial gilded age after show (episode 3) the unofficial gilded age after show (episode 4) the unofficial gilded age after show (episode 5) the unofficial gilded age after show (episode 6) the unofficial gilded age after show (episode 7) the unofficial gilded age after show (episode 8) the unofficial gilded age after show (episode 9) permanent collection: in conversation: the art and history of the night sky in conversation: murderous millinery museums are not neutral: a conversation on gender, power, and privilege what's past is prologue: industrialization & changing landscapes gilded is not golden: exploring museums' multiple histories the frick reflects: looking back, moving forward clayton christmas memories exploring a special cabinet peeking inside the clayton vault sneaking into storage a look inside the frick: imagining playtime resisting the rational: giovanni di paolo's heaven on earth reviving the renaissance with dawn brean french confections: highlights of the frick pittsburgh's 18th-century french collection my darling boy: letters from mrs. frick to childs frida kahlo: author talk: frida in america with celia stahr collector's talk with vicente wolf reckoning: grief and light, nothing can separate you from the language you cry in in conversation: vanessa german and dr. edda l. fields-black sporting fashion: equity and fair play in women's sport today history, fashion, and feminism in conversation: the legacy of title ix victorian radicals: in conversation: radical women—the pre-raphaelite sisterhood victorian radicals today ekphrasis: poetic responses to victorian radicals war & pieces: london studio tour with bouke de vries car and carriage museum: looking at the lincoln driving the disenfranchised: the automobile's role in women's suffrage in conversation: driving while black with dr. gretchen sorin cast in chrome: creating casts: the making of a hood ornament space oddity the mack bulldog lasalle victoire spirit of ecstasy eagle rock: eagle rock: construction, architecture, and design domestic service at eagle rock around the grounds at eagle rock art at eagle rock: from prides crossing to pittsburgh the frick pittsburgh mobile apps landscape app see the evolution of the frick's campus from the late 19th century to the present with archival photo overlays, learn about buildings and spaces on-site and how the fricks used them, and discover some of the many different species of trees on campus (did you know we’re an arboretum?): download on the app store download on google play collections app explore seven masterpieces from our permanent collection digitized in super-high resolution and zoom in to observe all the beautiful details: download on the app store download on google play the frick pittsburgh blog keep up to date with our blog, frick stories , offering insights into our collections, exhibitions, and grounds, along with pittsburgh, gilded age, and frick family history: conversations on sport, fashion, and equity with our friends at women and girls foundation. a look at two true outdoor girls. two historic sportswomen set out on long journeys. mr. frick gets in trouble with the law. a closer look at an iconic hood ornament designer. learn about the history of decorative hood ornaments. listen to the contemporary symphony accompanying vanessa german's new installation. a deadly fashion trend sparks a conservation movement. head to president mckinley's inaugural ball with the fricks. president mckinley comes to pittsburgh. the fricks dine with president roosevelt. journey through egypt with the fricks. an interview with bouke de vries on war and pieces . clayton docent sue morris examines mr. frick's role in national politics. in part two of her frick politics series, sue morris elucidates how mr. frick used art politically. explore clayton's cutting-edge, gilded-age technologies. learn about a new community art installation on our campus. see the evolution of point breeze. hear the story behind a new outdoor art installation on our campus. take a look at what's hidden in clayton's walls. happy labor day! but not if you work for mr. frick. curator dawn brean elucidates a beautiful explosion in our green gallery. curator kim cady looks at the origins of our car collection. see the clayton kitchen evolve through the centuries. examine the intersection of public health and victorian home design. check out mrs. peacock on the cover of nineteenth century magazine. learn about the history of the frick estate and the neighborhood of point breeze. look back on the restoration of clayton. take a journey through the history of the car and carriage museum. reflect on the history of memorial day with manager of school learning kelsie paul. explore the frick family's hobbies and the rise of leisure in the gilded age. track spring fashion trends from 1880–1910. examine the political jewelry of the women's suffrage movement. take a walk through clayton's third and fourth floors. digital collection browse more than 150 collection items in our searchable online database . #notwhite collective cooking series this saturday series featured a different member of the multicultural women's artist group #notwhite collective sharing family stories, photos, and a recipe from her culture, live and direct from her own kitchen on the frick’s instagram . missed an episode? need a recipe? check out the archive below! march 6: zena ruiz march 13: fran flaherty march 20: carolina loyola-garcia march 27: liana maneese april 3: alison zapata april 10: sarika goulatia april 17: geña creativity corner: family art tutorials follow along step-by-step as museum educator stacey mcsorley completes an art project with simple household objects: paper windsock decorative paper frame paper puppets experimenting with watercolor paper collage sculpture paper people paper beads puzzles see if you can recreate one of our favorite paintings or a scene from our beautiful grounds! try a digital frick jigsaw puzzle here . kids' activities have fun with art and history! early childhood frick grounds bingo feather racing paper beads artist trading cards keith haring creative color wheels explore with watercolors windsocks neighborhood bingo environmental art fun with lines house scavenger hunt recycled planters parlor games a still life of your own fun with shapes fun with color we are family sock bunny art project paper kite project afternoon tea elementary frick grounds bingo paper collage sculptures feather racing paper beads be a fan of fans artist trading cards practice makes perfect abcs scavenger hunt keith haring creative color wheels explore with watercolors windsocks more parlor games neighborhood bingo take an imaginary road trip what's new environmental art fun with lines letter writing house scavenger hunt a description of my bedroom geniuses at work color mixing design a coat of arms cinquain poem recycled planters parlor games a still life of your own upcycled stained glass model t-riffic pose for a portrait landscape collage afternoon tea automobile timeline car of the future winter green stories in stained glass picasso portraits fun with shapes history mystery draw like degas paper people we are family fun with foil the secret language of flowers fun with color silly art mad lib sock bunny art project paper kite project middle school frick grounds bingo paper collage sculptures feather racing paper beads be a fan of fans artist trading cards practice makes perfect abcs scavenger hunt keith haring explore with watercolors windsocks personification more parlor games neighborhood bingo take an imaginary road trip what's new environmental art letter writing house scavenger hunt a description of my bedroom geniuses at work color mixing design a coat of arms cinquain poem recycled planters parlor games a still life of your own upcycled stained glass model t-riffic pose for a portrait landscape collage automobile timeline car of the future winter green stories in stained glass who's who picasso portraits household helpers history mystery draw like degas paper people we are family fun with foil the secret language of flowers fun with color mystery in the masterpiece vive la france silly art mad lib sock bunny art project paper kite project high school frick grounds bingo paper collage sculptures feather racing be a fan of fans artist trading cards practice makes perfect explore with watercolors personification more parlor games take an imaginary road trip what's new environmental art letter writing a description of my bedroom geniuses at work color mixing design a coat of arms cinquain poem recycled planters parlor games a still life of your own upcycled stained glass pose for a portrait landscape collage who's who household helpers history mystery we are family fun with foil vive la france silly art mad lib automobile timeline car of the future art projects paper collage sculptures paper beads artist trading cards keith haring explore with watercolors windsocks environmental art color mixing recycled planters upcycled stained glass landscape collage picasso portraits car of the future paper people fun with foil sock bunny art project paper kite project keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!