kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home exhibitions kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) tickets now on sale! comprised of 15 large-scale prints, kara walker: harper’s pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) revisits the historical representations found in the two-volume anthology published in 1866, "harper’s pictorial history of the civil war." walker overlays enlargements of woodcut plates with her black silkscreen cutout figures in solid black silhouette. in doing so, walker brings to light experiences of racism that were often omitted or merely hinted at in traditional historical narratives. guest labelists the kara walker exhibition features the contributions of guest labelists from the pittsburgh community. guest contributors include: – amanda boston , assistant professor, department of africana studies, university of pittsburgh – tara fay coleman , artist, curator, and writer committed to fostering critical dialogue in the arts – madeline gent , executive director, associated artists of pittsburgh – jasmine green , black girl absolute – jim griffin , director of equity and community engagement, university of pittsburgh – michael kraus , curator, soldiers & sailors memorial hall and museum – bryanna mcdaniel , mph, public health professional – shaun myers , assistant professor, department of english, university of pittsburgh – alaina e. roberts , associate professor of history, university of pittsburgh – kirk savage , william s. dietrich ii professor, history of art and architecture, university of pittsburgh – haifa subay , artist – heather white , artist and director of learning, the andy warhol museum – quaishawn whitlock , artist and educator – imin yeh , associate professor of art and director of foundational studies, carnegie mellon university hear from a select number of labelists in conversation on may 1, when we host a lively discussion about the pieces that inspired their labels. learn more → supporters kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) is made possible by many generous supporters. if you would like to join the list of supporters, click here to make a gift in support of this milestone exhibition . view exhibition supporters program information kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) dates: march 1, 2025 - may 25, 2025 location: the frick art museum admission: experience kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) from march 1 through may 25, 2025. tickets are not timed. you may enter the exhibition at any time between 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. during the day of your ticket. members : free general admission: $15 seniors 65+, military/veterans, adults w/ disabilities, teachers: $13 students w/ id: $10 museums for all (ebt): $1 youth 17 & under: $5 group admission of $13 per person is available for groups of 10 people or more. to reserve group admission tickets, please email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org . get tickets members are encouraged to call the members hotline at 412-342-4086 free admission day enjoy free admission to kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) thanks to generous support from highmark blue cross blue shield. registration is required for entry. wednesday, april 2, 2025 — highmark bright blue futures free admission day sponsored by highmark blue cross blue shield share this event series: please note: kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) contains sensitive imagery and descriptive content related to instances of racially motivated violence in the civil war south. there will be a reflection space as part of the exhibition, and images of the exhibition are available at the grable visitor center for visitors interested in previewing the show's content before entering. the touring presentation of kara walker: harper’s pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) is organized by the museum box. the exhibition was curated by lisa hayes williams, associate curator at the new britain museum of american art where the show debuted in 2020. please note: a photographer will be present in the galleries on march 1, 2025. gallery browse through select works on display in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) . images: 1. kara walker, alabama loyalists greeting the federal gun-boats . from harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) , 2005. offset lithography and silkscreen. sheet: 39 x 53 inches (99.1 x 134.6 cm). edition of 35. courtesy of the new britain museum of american art, 2019.4.15 © kara walker 2. kara walker, confederate prisoners being conducted from jonesborough to atlanta . from harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) , 2005. offset lithography and silkscreen sheet: 39 x 53 inches (99.1 x 134.6 cm). edition of 35. courtesy of the new britain museum of american art, 2019.4.7 © kara walker 3. kara walker, exodus of confederates from atlanta . from harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) , 2005. offset lithography and silkscreen sheet: 39 x 53 inches (99.1 x 134.6 cm). edition of 35. courtesy of the new britain museum of american art, 2019.4.12 © kara walker 4. kara walker, lost mountain at sunrise . from harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) , 2005. offset lithography and silkscreen sheet: 39 x 53 inches (99.1 x 134.6 cm). edition of 35. courtesy of the new britain museum of american art, 2019.4.7 © kara walker 1 2 3 4 related events browse the full event schedule the frick art museum 03/12/2025 1:30 pm gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 1:30 p.m. join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in kara walker: harper'... learn more the frick art museum 03/12/2025 2:30 pm gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 2:30 p.m. join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in kara walker: harper'... learn more the frick art museum auditorium 03/29/2025 4:00 pm echoes: an evening of music with kea kea weaves together music, poetry, and visual elements to reflect on the legacy of racial history in... learn more the frick art museum 04/16/2025 6:00 pm guided evening tour of kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) spend an evening in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) fo... learn more the frick art museum auditorium 04/24/2025 7:00 pm book talk: dr. edda fields-black on harriet tubman and the combahee river raid join the frick pittsburgh and dr. edda fields-black for an examination of untold stories and reclaim... learn more the frick art museum 05/01/2025 7:00 pm guest label writers in conversation you're invited to a lively and interactive evening where guest labelists share the insights behind t... learn more the frick art museum 05/07/2025 6:00 pm guided evening tour of kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) spend an evening in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) fo... learn more "one of the most celebrated and prolific figures in contemporary art" read more emma riva table magazine it's free to visit the frick pittsburgh. plan your visit keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!