support | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters membership donate home support help preserve our past and shape the future. support the frick pittsburgh when you make a gift to the frick pittsburgh, you play an essential role in our mission to continue the legacy of helen clay frick by offering one of the best experiences of art, history and nature in a welcoming environment that inspires and delights. discover the many ways that your gift to the frick builds a lasting legacy.  whether you’re interested in supporting a specific exhibition or program, becoming an individual or corporate member, making an annual fund gift or including us in your estate plans, know that your gift helps us to inspire and educate audiences of all ages through world-class exhibitions, meaningful educational programming and continued care of our museum and gardens. support overview membership the frick societies donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving membership enjoy the benefits of membership—free admission, exclusive member events, discounts and more. members experience more of what makes the frick a remarkable institution. learn more levels & benefits experience the frick the best way possible—as a member! join or renew your membership online today. learn more the frick societies by joining the frick societies, you are making a philanthropic gift that supports our mission and connects you with like-minded art and cultural enthusiasts through exclusive, behind-the-scenes experiences. learn more gift of membership give the gift of membership and share our exceptional collections with your friends and loved ones. learn more reciprocal museums like to travel? members at the fellow level and above receive free admission to more than 800 museums across north america with reciprocal museum benefits. learn more the frick societies be part of an exclusive group that influences the future of the frick and helps maintain it as a cultural institution of the highest caliber for future generations.  membership in the frick societies is available with a combined annual gift of $1,000 or more. learn more levels & benefits the frick societies were created to recognize your exceptional support of our mission with access to behind-the-scenes experiences, social events, and much more! learn more donate with your fully tax-deductible donation to the frick, your gift ensures that we can showcase world-class exhibitions, engage and educate audiences of all ages, and preserve and expand our permanent collection. learn more donate your annual fund gift, in any amount, makes a measurable difference.  donate online today. learn more matching gifts you may be able to double or even triple your support by having your employer match your gift. learn more gifts of stock using appreciated stock is an excellent way to give to the frick. donating stock offers tax benefits without affecting your cash flow. learn more legacy planning learn how you can create an enduring legacy that will help the frick remain a vibrant cultural institution and receive personal tax and income benefits at the same time. learn more beneficiary designations name the frick as a beneficiary of your retirement plan, life insurance policy, or commercial annuity in just three simple steps. learn more a gift in your will perhaps the simplest and most direct way of providing for the frick is in your estate plans and by remembering the frick in your will. learn more corporate giving receive public recognition and build community goodwill by partnering with the frick. opportunities to get involved include a variety of sponsorships, corporate membership, and the educational improvement tax credit program (eitc). learn more sponsorship achieve your marketing, promotional, and client engagement objectives through sponsorship of our exhibitions, education programs and events. learn more eitc through pennsylvania’s educational improvement tax credit program, your contribution supports access to educational programs at the frick. learn more our supporters we gratefully acknowledge our corporate supporters for investing so generously in the frick. learn more support the frick with a gift to our annual fund today! donate now donate keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!