the frick societies | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home support membership the frick societies join & support the frick societies be a part of a special group that plays an incomparable role in sustaining the frick and shaping an inspiring future fueled by curiosity, equity, and inclusion! combined annual giving of $1,000 or more will enable you to become a member of this leadership group as well as provide vital ongoing philanthropic support for exhibitions, programming, and the care and growth of the frick’s diverse collections for all to enjoy. there are many simple and creative ways to support the frick at this level. you can make a gift online today or mail a check to: the frick pittsburgh advancement & engagement department 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 other methods of giving include gifts of appreciated stock or mutual funds , which offer significant tax benefits without affecting your cash flow. additionally, qualified charitable distributions from your individual retirement account (ira) are current gifts with an immediate impact. see below for a full list of the benefits associated with supporting the museum as a member of the frick societies. for more information, contact advancement & engagement staff at 412-342-4086 or membership@thefrickpittsburgh.org . support overview membership the frick societies donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving benefits frick societies members enjoy all the benefits of membership , plus much more! complimentary admission to all paid programs, events, and workshops unlimited complimentary admission and docent-led tours of clayton, the frick art museum and all touring exhibitions, and the car and carriage museum complimentary admission for four guests every time you visit clayton and touring exhibitions four complimentary guest passes to share with friends and family complimentary admission to more than 1,400 museums in north america including the frick collection, new york exclusive opportunity to make reservations in advance for special events 15% discount in the frick museum store 10% discount at the café recognition on signage in the frick art museum the frick societies 1882 society - $1,000 1882 is the year that henry clay frick purchased the italianate-style home we know today as clayton, the cornerstone of the frick’s collections. members of the 1882 society are, likewise, cornerstones of the vital philanthropic support necessary to advance the museum’s mission. join renew gift rubens society - $2,500 the rubens society is named after the renowned seventeenth-century flemish baroque painter peter paul rubens, whose portrait of charlotte-marguerite de montmorency, princess of condé (ca. 1610) is one of the most admired works in the frick’s collection. join renew gift clayton society - $5,000 named for the enduring history of the frick family’s gilded age home, the clayton society is composed of individuals committed to the sustainability and future of the frick pittsburgh. recognized by architectural digest as "a triumph of restoration," clayton is a stunning late-nineteenth-century mansion, and the only surviving example of a home on pittsburgh’s lost "millionaire’s row." join renew gift helen clay frick society - $10,000 the helen clay frick society honors the legacy of the frick’s founder and benefactress. members enjoy the distinction of being part of a vital group to support the frick’s mission to provide memorable experiences with art, history, and nature that inspire and delight. join renew gift keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!