jurist - paper chase: spain judge charges ex-generals in guatemala genocide case paper chase newsburst serious law. primary sources. global perspective. saturday, july 08, 2006 spain judge charges ex-generals in guatemala genocide case james m yoch jr at 9:44 am et [jurist] spanish national court judge santiago pedraz on friday charged several former guatemalan military officers with genocide, torture, and other crimes against humanity, and issued international arrest warrants for their involvement in atrocities committed during guatemala's brutal 36-year civil war [globalsecurity.org backgrounder] that formally ended in 1996, including the murder of eight spanish priests and a 1980 military assault on the spanish embassy that killed 37 people. pedraz charged six top officials including former heads of state efrain rios montt and oscar humberto mejia [wikipedia profiles], citing their failure to cooperate during his trip to guatemala to investigate [jurist report] the murder and genocide case originally filed by guatemalan nobel peace prize winner rigoberta menchu [nobel profile] in 1999. lawyers for montt and mejia contend that pedraz is biased and that spain cannot extradite the ex-leaders because they were granted amnesty for any actions during guatemala's civil war. the spanish national court (audiencia nacional) [governing statute] took jurisdiction [jurist report] of the case earlier this year, after spain's constitutional court [official website] ruled [jurist report] in 2005 that spanish courts can exercise universal jurisdiction over war crimes committed during guatemala's civil war [bbc timeline]. the constitutional court decided that universal jurisdiction outweighed national interests in cases of genocide. ap has more . link | | | print | subscribe | | latest newscast | facebook page for a one-stop snapshot of the latest legal news that matters, with breaking documents, new legal videos, live law-related webcasts, commentary by expert law professors and more - all updated through the day in real time, with no ads and no registration barriers - visit jurist's homepage and check back often... latest legal news fiji high court sentences 8 for attempted assassination of military leader 12:20 pm et, march 6 lawmakers introduce bill requiring military interrogation of suspected terrorists 10:02 am et, march 6 canada judge to review afghan detainee documents before release to parliament 1:14 pm et, march 5 click for more... get jurist legal news on your intranet, website, blog or news reader! latest forum the qom enrichment facility: was iran legally bound to disclose? daniel joyner u. alabama school of law about paper chase is jurist's real-time legal news service, powered by a team of 30 law student reporters and editors led by law professor bernard hibbitts at the university of pittsburgh school of law. as an educational service, paper chase is dedicated to presenting important legal news and materials rapidly, objectively and intelligibly in an accessible, ad-free format. contact paper chase welcomes comments, tips and urls from readers. e-mail us at jurist@pitt.edu