reciprocal museums | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home support membership reciprocal museums join & support reciprocal museums frick pittsburgh members at the fellow ($125) level and above can experience more than 1,000 museums across north america with reciprocal museum benefits. members will enjoy free general admission, discounts at museum shops and restaurants as well as on concert tickets and lecture registrations* through the north american reciprocal museum (narm) association and the reciprocal organization of associated museums (roam) reciprocal programs, in addition to the art museum reciprocal network museums listed below. *reciprocal benefits vary by organization.  please contact the organization(s) you plan to visit to verify the benefits offered to reciprocal members. art museum reciprocal network academy art museum – easton, md albright-knox art gallery – buffalo, ny american folk art museum – long island city, ny art gallery of ontario – toronto, ontario (canada) the barnes foundation – philadelphia, pa blanton museum of art – austin, tx chrysler museum of art – norfolk, va the cleveland museum of art – cleveland, oh columbus museum of art – columbus, oh cooper hewitt, smithsonian design museum – new york, ny crocker art museum – sacramento, ca delaware art museum – wilmington, de denver art museum – denver, co des moines art center – des moines, ia everhart museum of natural history, science, and art – scranton, pennsylvania farnsworth art museum – rockland, me the frick collection – new york, ny frist center for the visual arts – nashville, tn the george washington university museum and the textile museum – washington, district of columbia georgia o’keeffe museum – santa fe, nm hill-stead museum – farmington, ct isabella stewart gardner museum – boston, ma milwaukee art museum – milwaukee, wi montclair art museum – montclair, new jersey national portrait gallery – washington, district of columbia the nelson-atkins museum of art – kansas city, mo new jersey state museum foundation – trenton, nj new orleans museum of art – new orleans, la newark museum – newark, nj north carolina museum of art – raleigh, nc norton museum of art – west palm beach, fl peabody essex museum – salem, ma philadelphia museum of art – philadelphia, pa the phillips collection – washington, dc portland museum of art – portland, me poster house – new york, ny princeton university art museum – princeton, nj rhode island school of design museum of art – providence, ri smith college museum of art – northampton, ma smithsonian american art museum and its renwick gallery – washington, dc swope art museum – terre haute, in taft museum of art – cincinnati, oh wadsworth atheneum museum of art – hartford, ct walker art center – minneapolis, minnesota the walters art museum – baltimore, md support overview membership the frick societies donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving join or renew & reap the benefits join or renew today at the fellow ($125) level or above and receive free admission to the frick collection in new york, ny! join now keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!