donate | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters membership home support donate donate make a donation with just a few weeks remaining in our fiscal year, we are asking for your help to reach our annual fund goal! as a non-profit organization, we rely upon the kindness of our community members to help us provide engaging experiences, educational programs, and inspiring exhibitions from year to year. thank you for supporting the frick pittsburgh! the frick art & historical center is a non-profit 501(c)3 charitable organization. contributions are tax-deductible as allowed by law. (tax exempt number 25-1596285.) support overview membership the frick societies donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving options for giving membership join, renew, or gift a membership today. learn more the frick societies members of the frick societies serve as incomparable champions of arts and culture with philanthropic support for exhibitions, programming, and the care and growth of the frick’s diverse collections for all to enjoy. learn more gifts of stock using appreciated stock is an excellent way to make a gift to the frick because it offers significant tax benefits without affecting your cash flow. learn more matching gifts many companies will match charitable contributions made by employees and retirees, doubling or tripling the impact of your gift.  contact your employer’s human resources department to find out if it has a matching gift program.  complete and mail the matching gift form along with your contribution, or email members@thefrickpittsburgh.org . qualified charitable distributions qualified charitable distributions from your individual retirement account (ira) are current gifts with an immediate impact on all that we do here at the frick. learn more legacy planning the most common form of charitable giving is an outright gift of cash. by exploring a wide range of gift planning opportunities, you can learn how to achieve your personal financial planning goals while making a significant contribution to the frick. learn more support the frick pittsburgh with a gift to our annual fund. donate online or call 412-371-0600 . donate keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!