legacy planning | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home support legacy planning donate to the frick legacy planning the frick pittsburgh is an exceptional example of a planned gift at its most generous—helen clay frick left provisions in her will for clayton, her childhood family home, to be restored and opened to the public along with the frick art museum and the family’s car and carriage collection. that foresight has enabled the frick pittsburgh to evolve into the unique museum we have today. you, too, can create a legacy that will help ensure that the frick continues to serve students and families well into the future. in addition to making a difference in the lives of others, a planned gift can provide tax savings or income benefits for you and your family. there are many ways to make such a gift—simple methods include gifts in your will or living trust, gifts of life insurance, gifts of retirement assets, and more. to make the process of legacy giving easy, the frick has partnered with freewill for our community to create an estate plan for free. freewill’s secure online tool empowers you to write a legally valid will or trust in about 20 minutes. as you write your will, freewill presents you with the opportunity to make a planned gift to the frick on your terms. if you have ‘non-probate’ assets like a life insurance policy that you’d like to donate, you can use this freewill tool to log all of these assets and name the frick as a beneficiary. if you have already created a legacy by including a gift in your estate plan, will you please complete this form to let us know? this helps us update our records and thank you for building a legacy to support the frick’s authentic experiences with art, history, and nature. support overview membership the frick societies donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving dr. soumyo moitra's story dr. moitra understands the impact that art, history, and nature can have on someone. as a graduate student, moitra appreciated the ability to come and visit the the frick art museum for free when he didn’t have many resources. “i think it’s so important to have this opportunity, especially if you’re interested in art but can’t afford to pay the price of admission,” moitra says. as an adult, moitra retained his love of art and was compelled to join the frick as a member, remembering the effect the museums had on him in his younger years. thinking about his own legacy, he also decided to make a planned gift to the frick, knowing that his gift would make it possible for future generations of students to visit, as he had. the frick has been a key part of dr. moitra’s life for many years, and he feels it is important to give back, support the future of the institution, and ensure that anyone can find sanctuary on our campus. we are so thankful for members like dr. moitra, who have a positive impact on everything we do here. legacy planning gifts in your will many supporters of the frick pittsburgh choose to leave a donation in their wills and trusts. many supporters of the frick pittsburgh choose to leave a donation in their wills and trusts to increase their long-term impact, without any upfront cost during their lifetimes a gift in your will is often the simplest route to your legacy, and to make it as easy as possible, we're giving you a completely free way to write or start your will. click here to start the completely free process of writing your legal will. including a gift to the frick pittsburgh helps to cultivate a community where we share authentic connections with art, history, nature—and with one another. this tool is free to you whether you choose to include a gift to the frick pittsburgh or not. it can be used to create a fully valid legal will or guide you through planning your will before finding an estate planning attorney near you. freewill helps our supporters create plans that enable us to preserve and interpret an indelible part of pittsburgh's heritage, share renowned works of art with our community, and continue to serve, educate, and inspire—now, and for generations to come. are you already working with an attorney on your will or living trust? you can complete your gift in as little as one sentence. “i hereby give to the frick art & historical center, a nonprofit located in pittsburgh, pennsylvania, with a business address of 7227 reynolds street, pittsburgh, pa 15208, and with a tax identification number of 25-1596285, the sum of __________ dollars (all or ______ percent of my estate) for its general purposes." by including the frick in your will or living trust, you play an important part in ensuring the continuation of the museum’s mission long into the future. beneficiary designations name the frick as a beneficiary of your retirement plan, life insurance policy, or commercial annuity while some prefer to leave a gift in their wills or estates, others appreciate the increased flexibility of a beneficiary designation. you might consider using: iras and retirement plans life insurance policies commercial annuities it only takes three simple steps to name the frick pittsburgh as a beneficiary: contact your retirement plan administrator, insurance company, bank, or financial institution for a change-of-beneficiary form. decide what percentage (1 to 100) you would like the frick pittsburgh to receive and name us, along with the percentage you choose. return the completed form to your plan administrator, insurance company, bank, or financial institution. thank you for considering the frick pittsburgh to be the recipient of these gifts from the heart. it’s truly an honor to be included in the legacy of someone who cares so deeply about providing accessible cultural assets in the pittsburgh region. information for professional advisors help us fulfill your client's wishes to direct a gift to the frick or for help in making one: legal name: frick art & historical center, inc. address: 7227 reynolds street, pittsburgh, pa 15208 federal tax id number: 25-1596285 contact: pat winter, interim director of advancement & engagement, at 412-342-4079 or winterp@thefrickpittsburgh.org support us through membership! join or renew keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!