gifts of stock | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home gifts of stock gifts of stock using appreciated stock is an excellent way to make a gift to the frick because it offers significant tax benefits without affecting your cash flow. gifts of stock or appreciated assets many donors choose to make gifts of appreciated stocks or mutual funds to offset an anticipated capital gains tax. even better, you can take a sizeable charitable deduction on your taxes—a deduction that can be used to offset other taxes. stock or other appreciated assets can also be used to fund a charitable trust or life income agreement. transfer of stock before transferring stock to the frick, please notify us of your intentions and the details of your gift, including stock type and number of shares to be transferred.  we will need this information to properly credit you and issue a receipt for tax purposes.  below is the information to provide to your broker for an electronic transfer of your gift: pnc bank dtc # 2616 account name: fahc stock gifts account number: 21-10-001-3738193 attention: christina hritz, 412-768-6324 for more information on making a gift of stock, contact: advancement & engagement staff at 412-342-4086 or membership@thefrickpittsburgh.org . support overview membership the frick societies donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!