qualified charitable distributions | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home qualified charitable distributions qualified charitable distributions qualified charitable distributions from your individual retirement account (ira) are current gifts with an immediate impact. often referred to as "ira charitable rollover gifts," these gifts are distributions paid directly from an ira to a nonprofit. if you are 70½ or older, you can transfer as much as $100,000 per year from an ira directly to the frick—without counting this transfer as taxable income. if you were 70½ before january 1, 2020, the qualified charitable distribution counts toward your required minimum distribution (rmd). if you are 70½ after january 1, 2020, you do not have required minimum distribution until age 72. if you do not meet your rmds, ira owners face a large tax penalty. this means you would either withdraw those amounts (increasing your taxable income) or donate them as a qualified charitable distribution. the most common way to make this gift is to submit a request to your ira custodian. for more information on qualified charitable distributions to the frick, contact: advancement & engagement staff at 412-342-4086 or membership@thefrickpittsburgh.org . support overview membership the frick societies donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!