corporate giving | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters tickets home support corporate giving donate to the frick corporate giving extend your reach to new customers, receive public recognition, and build community goodwill through sponsorship at the frick.  the options listed below provide promotional opportunities for your company to benefit from name placement in front of a premium audience.  build your brand, receive valuable recognition, and support great events and educational programming for our community. contact manager of institutional support jodi golomb for details at 412-342-4089 or jgolomb@thefrickpittsburgh.org . back to support overview corporate giving eitc our supporters be a corporate sponsor exhibition sponsorship sponsors play an important role in supporting the frick’s exhibitions and bringing important artwork to pittsburgh.  exhibition sponsors are recognized in many highly visible ways, enhancing their profile and demonstrating their commitment to the arts. exhibition sponsors receive benefits such as the following: name and logo recognition on select signage and advertising name and logo recognition at the event and on website, social media, and event listings complimentary invitations to the exhibition opening opportunity to host a private event – perfect for client entertaining or your next employee event ( note: catering and all other rentals are the responsibility of the sponsor ) upcoming exhibitions view exhibitions view exhibition events event sponsorship throughout the year, the frick hosts a variety of exciting events.  event sponsors support popular programming and receive valuable recognition from key audiences. event sponsors receive benefits such as the following: name and logo recognition at the event and on website, social media, and event listings social media co-host privileges complimentary tickets to the event opportunity to set up a table at the event to distribute information about your company, promote your business, and give away branded materials see upcoming events available for sponsorship. view events education sponsorship the frick offers a variety of opportunities to support education programs for all ages. supporting programs at the frick is a great way to demonstrate your company’s commitment to education. sponsorships are available ranging from a single program, to a package of 6 or 12 programs.  program sponsors receive benefits such as the following: name and logo recognition at the event and on website, social media, and event listings name recognition on all printed material for the program examples of programming available for sponsorship include both adult programming and families and children's programming. adult programming includes exhibition tour, gallery talks, lectures, frick exhibition readers' series, coffe & culture programs, films, workshops, and more! programs for families and children include such favorites as the following: family fun days -- this series offers a variety of activities for families to enjoy, such as lawn games, collaborative projects and take-home artwork.  previous programs have included the following themes: time travel, during which kids add to a giant walk-through time machine and make their own prehistoric paint circus, with three rings of role play and the creation of costumes and critters; second saturday studios -- this family-friendly arts programming encourages children and their families to make art together.  families with children of all ages are invited to explore different and unusual materials or find fresh new ways to use familiar paper, paint and pencils.  this free, drop-in program is held in the new education center. examples of typical programming: create, collect and exchange one-of-a-kind artist trading cards. emboss, color and shape our fancy foils. use a plethora of paper on a paper exploration. go natural using trees, leaves, and rocks for special outdoor art. eitc is another great way to support education at the frick. learn more about eitc keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!