eitc | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home support corporate giving eitc corporate sponsorship educational improvement tax credit program (eitc) the educational improvement tax credit program is a pennsylvania tax credit for businesses who make a donation to an approved nonprofit organization.  the frick art pittsburgh, a valuable source of innovative learning and inspiration, is an approved educational improvement organization. companies making a contribution to the frick through eitc can receive significant tax benefits.  approved corporations can receive tax credits equal to 75 percent of its contribution up to a maximum of $750,000 per taxable year.  businesses who agree to provide the same amount for two consecutive tax years can receive 90% of the contribution as a tax credit.  this can mean you receive up to 90% of your gift total as a tax credit: your $10,000 gift could result in a credit as high as $9,000. contact manager of insitutional support jodi golomb for details at 412-342-4089 or jgolomb@thefrickpittsburgh.org . back to support overview corporate giving eitc our supporters eitc in 3 easy steps step 1 determine if you qualify. businesses or corporations can qualify if they pay any of the following taxes: bank and trust company shares tax corporate net income tax capital stock and franchise tax mutual thrift institutions tax shareholder and partner personal income tax (s corps and partnerships with pass-through tax liability) step 2 apply. eligible businesses can apply to participate in the eitc program here. step 3 make the frick the recipient of your eitc-eligible contribution once your application has been approved by the department of community and economic development (dced), your business must contribute to a qualified organization, such as the frick, within 60 days.  you need to send proof of the contribution to dced within 90 days of the approval.  the frick will send you an acknowledgement letter as proof of your contribution, and you are required to send a copy of this letter to dced. your support impacts thousands of students in addition to receiving tax benefits, your eitc gift supports impacts thousands of students by helping to underwrite various types of programs and visits by school groups throughout the region.  the frick’s meaningful and standards-based education programs enhance the experiences of children and underserved students.  using interactive activities and adaptive lessons, we engaged students in a meaningful way with our interdisciplinary collections. learn more about education at the frick >> in recognition of your support, the frick will list your organization name among our supporters . keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!