tickets | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters membership home tickets tickets from historic home tours and stunning art exhibitions to educational opportunities and community events, there's something for everyone at the frick pittsburgh. clayton tours of clayton are currently offered tuesdays through sundays. advance reservations are strongly recommended. gilded, not golden schedule a tour immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, pittsburgh, and the frick family. learn more about the gilded, not golden tour . the frick art museum kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) comes to the frick art museum from march 1 through may 25, 2025. comprised of 15 large scale prints, the exhibition revisits the historical representations found in the two-volume anthology published in 1866, "harper's pictorial history of the civil war." buy tickets other events in addition to long-term exhibitions and signature tour experiences, the frick also offers numerous other ticketed events, workshops, activities, and more. browse the full calendar below. upcoming events free admission tickets are not required to visit the car and carriage museum or the frick art museum's permanent collection . keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!