car and carriage museum | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters tickets membership home car and carriage museum the car and carriage museum at the turn of the 20th century, the development of the automobile profoundly changed american life. in the car and carriage museum, visitors can travel back to the time of horse-drawn carriages, see some of the first horseless carriages to have an impact on pittsburgh, and learn about pittsburgh’s role in the developing automobile industry. the car and carriage museum houses the frick's collection of historic carriages and automobiles dating back to the turn of the 20th century. the museum also hosts temporary exhibitions. enhance your visit with a free guided tour of the car and carriage museum. tours are held at 1 p.m. and 3 p.m. on wednesdays and saturdays. overview grable visitor center clayton the frick art museum car and carriage museum greenhouse & gardens playhouse the café community room education center keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!