duquesne soundwalk at the frick | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home calendar duquesne soundwalk at the frick duquesne soundwalk at the frick event information march 9, 2025 8:00 am - 6:00 pm location the frick pittsburgh cost: free and open to all description: duquesne soundwalk at the frick is a new collaboration with students of duquesne university’s mary pappert school of music. the sounds of frick past come to life through soundscapes, adding a new layer of dimensionality to the museum-going experience! qr code exhibits, or soundsites, are stationed throughout the frick campus and allow visitors to interpret environment, culture, and history through sound. recreations of the soundscapes surrounding clayton in the 1890s, the home of a turn-of-the-century steelworker, the evolution of automobile horns, and the music enjoyed by the frick family are just some of the sounds visitors can immerse themselves in throughout the site. pick up a map in the grable visitor center, or discover the stops as you wander the grounds. use the camera on your smartphone to scan the codes and enjoy! if you don’t have a smart phone, stop by the visitor center to borrow one. the soundwalk project was recently awarded the 2023-24 john g. rangos sr. prize, a university-wide prize given to innovative academic initiatives imagined by duquesne university students and faculty members. soundwalk led dr. nicole vilkner, assistant professor of musicianship, and her students will continue to develop new soundwalk projects in the future in new locations. our gardens and grounds, including the soundwalk, are open 8 am-dusk, tuesday through sunday. explore and listen explore and listen see & do related events mar 9 kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) march 9, 2025 10:00 am - 5:00 pm kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) comes to the frick art museum f... mar 9 car and carriage museum car and carriage museum march 9, 2025 10:00 am - 5:00 am explore the frick's collection of historic carriages and automobiles. mar 9 the frick art museum the frick art museum march 9, 2025 10:00 am - 5:00 pm enjoy the frick's collection of historic and contemporary painting and decorative arts alongside tra... previous event: guided evening tour of kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) next event: kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!