permanent collection | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home calendar the frick art museum the frick art museum event information march 9, 2025 10:00 am - 5:00 pm description: enjoy the frick's collection of historic and contemporary painting and decorative arts alongside traveling exhibitions. the frick's permanent collection is always free to view. view current exhibitions open tuesday through sunday see & do related events mar 9 duquesne soundwalk at the frick duquesne soundwalk at the frick march 9, 2025 8:00 am - 6:00 pm duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of frick history to life in multisensory installation mar 9 kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) march 9, 2025 10:00 am - 5:00 pm kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) comes to the frick art museum f... mar 9 car and carriage museum car and carriage museum march 9, 2025 10:00 am - 5:00 am explore the frick's collection of historic carriages and automobiles. previous event: car and carriage museum next event: signature clayton tour experience: gilded, not golden keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!