gallery conversations in kara walker | 1:30 pm | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home calendar gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 1:30 p.m. gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 1:30 p.m. event information march 12, 2025 1:30 pm - 1:50 pm location the frick art museum cost: free with exhibition admission description: join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in kara walker: harper’s pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) . gallery facilitators will gather interested participants within the exhibition galleries. talks run approximately 20 minutes. gallery conversations are also held at 2:30 p.m. on wednesdays, fridays, and saturdays buy exhibition tickets gallery conversations available at 1:30 p.m. on wednesdays, fridays, and saturdays see & do related events mar 9 kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) march 9, 2025 10:00 am - 5:00 pm kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) comes to the frick art museum f... mar 12 gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 2:30 p.m. gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 2:30 p.m. march 12, 2025 2:30 pm - 2:50 pm join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in kara walker: harper'... mar 29 echoes: an evening of music with kea echoes: an evening of music with kea march 29, 2025 4:00 pm - 6:30 pm kea weaves together music, poetry, and visual elements to reflect on the legacy of racial history in... previous event: signature clayton tour experience: gilded, not golden next event: gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 2:30 p.m. keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!