the art of the crucifixion: from anguish to absurdity | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home calendar the art of the crucifixion: from anguish to absurdity the art of the crucifixion: from anguish to absurdity event information march 30, 2025 2:00 pm - 3:00 pm location the frick art museum auditorium cost: members of the frick societies receive complimentary admission $10 members ; $15 non-members; $5 students description: join kahren jones arbitman, ph.d., for this one-hour lecture, which will explore the long evolution of the artistic depiction of christ on the cross, while taking a closer look at some of western art's greatest masterpieces. buy tickets depictions of the crucified christ are common in both churches and art museums, though the specifics can vary widely. the bible gives scant details and leaves a lot of room for imagination, and artists of every era have been quick to add their own creative touches. from byzantine works that adhered closely to theological doctrine, to western wealthy patrons with their own ideas about how the crucifixion should be shown, to modern artists creating passionate testaments to their personal beliefs as well as their views on politics and social justice, there is much to examine through visual representations of this singular, profound event. arcangelo cola da camerino, italian, the madonna and child, enthroned; crucifixion , circa 1420-1422, tempera on panel, 20 x 23 1/4 in. frick art & historical center. dr. arbitman received both an ma and ph.d. in art history from the university of pittsburgh with a specialization in seventeenth-century dutch art, more specifically, rembrandt. after serving as the first curator-in-charge of the frick art museum in 1985, she went on to become the director of the palmer museum of art at penn state university and the executive director of the cummer museum of art & gardens in florida. see & do related events mar 9 duquesne soundwalk at the frick duquesne soundwalk at the frick march 9, 2025 8:00 am - 6:00 pm duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of frick history to life in multisensory installation mar 9 kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) march 9, 2025 10:00 am - 5:00 pm kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) comes to the frick art museum f... mar 9 car and carriage museum car and carriage museum march 9, 2025 10:00 am - 5:00 am explore the frick's collection of historic carriages and automobiles. previous event: echoes: an evening of music with kea next event: guided evening tour of kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!