guided evening tour of kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | april 16 | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home calendar guided evening tour of kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) guided evening tour of kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) event information april 16, 2025 6:00 pm location the frick art museum cost: members of the frick societies receive complimentary admission $25 members ; $35 non-members; $15 students description: spend an evening in kara walker: harper’s pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) for an exclusive guided tour of the exhibition exploring the work of one of the most important artists of our time. tickets for this program must be purchased in advance; tickets will not be available at the door. two tour times are available, please select one upon registration. tour duration: each tour lasts one hour. two tours will be offered, with start times at 6:00 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. guided tours will also be available on may 7, 2025 . register now tours available at 6:00 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. see & do related events mar 9 kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) march 9, 2025 10:00 am - 5:00 pm kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) comes to the frick art museum f... mar 12 gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 1:30 p.m. gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 1:30 p.m. march 12, 2025 1:30 pm - 1:50 pm join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in kara walker: harper'... mar 12 gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 2:30 p.m. gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 2:30 p.m. march 12, 2025 2:30 pm - 2:50 pm join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in kara walker: harper'... previous event: the art of the crucifixion: from anguish to absurdity next event: book talk: dr. edda fields-black on harriet tubman and the combahee river raid keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!