book talk: dr. edda fields-black on harriet tubman and the combahee river raid | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home calendar book talk: dr. edda fields-black on harriet tubman and the combahee river raid book talk: dr. edda fields-black on harriet tubman and the combahee river raid event information april 24, 2025 7:00 pm - 8:00 pm location the frick art museum auditorium cost: members of the frick societies receive complimentary admission $25 members ; $35 non-members; $15 students description: join dr. edda fields-black for an examination of untold stories and reclaimed histories through her most recent book, combee: harriet tubman, the combahee river raid and black freedom during the civil war . combee explores harriet tubman’s often-overlooked role in the largest slave rebellion in us history that resulted in the liberation of 756 people from bondage on seven rice plantations. through previously unexamined sources, dr. fields-black—herself a descendent of a soldier who fought in the raid—brings to life the combahee river raid and the untold stories of those freed, their resilience, and the lasting impact of tubman’s heroism. following the book talk, enjoy a light reception and book signing with the author as well as access to kara walker: harper’s pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) . ticket price includes exhibition admission, advanced registration required. dr. edda l. fields-black is a professor in the department of history and the director of the dietrich college humanities center at carnegie mellon university. buy tickets see & do related events mar 9 kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) march 9, 2025 10:00 am - 5:00 pm kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) comes to the frick art museum f... mar 12 gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 1:30 p.m. gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 1:30 p.m. march 12, 2025 1:30 pm - 1:50 pm join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in kara walker: harper'... mar 12 gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 2:30 p.m. gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 2:30 p.m. march 12, 2025 2:30 pm - 2:50 pm join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in kara walker: harper'... previous event: guided evening tour of kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) next event: guest label writers in conversation keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!