guest label writers in conversation | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home calendar guest label writers in conversation guest label writers in conversation event information may 1, 2025 7:00 pm - 9:00 pm location the frick art museum cost: members of the frick societies receive complimentary admission $25 members ; $35 non-members; $15 students description: you’re invited to a lively and interactive evening where guest labelists share the insights behind the kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) works that inspired their labels. engage in round-robin conversations and gain fresh perspectives on the art through their unique interpretations. it’s a rare chance to experience the art in an entirely new way! buy tickets guest labelists the kara walker exhibition features the contributions of guest labelists from the pittsburgh community. guest contributors as of january 30 include: amanda boston, assistant professor, department of africana studies, university of pittsburgh tara fay coleman, mother, conceptual artist, curator, writer, and arts worker madeline gent, executive director, associated artists of pittsburgh jasmine green, black girl absolute jim griffin, director of equity and community engagement, university of pittsburgh michael kraus, curator, soldiers & sailors memorial hall and museum bryanna mcdaniel, mph, public health professional shaun myers, assistant professor, department of english, university of pittsburgh alaina e. roberts, associate professor of history, university of pittsburgh kirk savage, william s. dietrich ii professor, history of art and architecture, university of pittsburgh haifa subay, artist heather white, artist and director of learning, the andy warhol museum quaishawn whitlock, artist and educator imin yeh, associate professor of art and director of foundational studies, carnegie mellon university see & do related events mar 9 kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) march 9, 2025 10:00 am - 5:00 pm kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) comes to the frick art museum f... mar 12 gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 1:30 p.m. gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 1:30 p.m. march 12, 2025 1:30 pm - 1:50 pm join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in kara walker: harper'... mar 12 gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 2:30 p.m. gallery conversations in kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) | 2:30 p.m. march 12, 2025 2:30 pm - 2:50 pm join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in kara walker: harper'... previous event: book talk: dr. edda fields-black on harriet tubman and the combahee river raid next event: guided evening tour of kara walker: harper's pictorial history of the civil war (annotated) keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!