employment | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters home employment join our creative team join a talented team of employees who daily draw inspiration from the frick’s world-class art exhibitions, rich, local history and beautiful grounds and gardens. if you’d like to find your passion and are ready to take that next step, apply for one of the opportunities listed below. how to apply please send a cover letter and resume by applying directly through jazzhr. apply today need technical or accessibility assistance with the application process? applicants with a disability who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process may contact our human resources team for assistance at hr@thefrickpittsburgh.org the frick pittsburgh embraces diversity as a proposition that is central to the organization’s mission. in building and serving diverse audiences, the frick affirms and supports diversity of persons and ideas both within the organization and the communities it serves. available openings frick facilities housekeeping team member (full-time) summary: responsible for maintaining an environment within our museum facilities that requires a high standard of cleanliness and hygiene by using best cleaning practices throughout the site. must have a commitment to fostering a workplace culture of equity and inclusion. reports to: housekeeping manager hours: 35 hours per week that requires weekend and evenings hours. this means that a flexible schedule is necessary. status: full-time, non-exempt, full benefits package hourly rate: $16.50/hour responsibilities: housekeeping janitorial duties: 65% • ensuring that clayton, haller house, the playhouse, lexington, the frick art museum and the orientation and education centers are always kept in a clean and presentable state • implement additional cleaning duties per frick policy/procedures to ensure a safe, hygienic environment for visitors and staff • specific duties include, vacuuming, washing, and scrubbing floors and walls, dry and wet mopping, dusting, emptying trash containers, cleaning, and restocking all restrooms facilities management: 35% • assisting with event and meeting  set-ups and take-downs (tables, chairs, etc.) • notifying the curatorial affairs department of any changes in the condition of any art objects and artifacts • assisting with any office moves which could include building furniture, moving filing cabinets, desks, etc. • respond to leaks, spills, or accidents as necessary to protect historical facilities and/or prevent hazardous situations • other duties as requested and assigned  by management qualifications: experience in the custodial field is a big plus • ability to physically perform heavy cleaning and scrubbing with the ability to reach all areas • flexibility with the schedule, weekend and evening hours may be required • high degree of trustworthiness and the clearance of a criminal background check • ability to deal with staff and visitors in a friendly and engaging manner • self-motivated and proactive • ability to lift up to 50 lbs. the frick pittsburgh is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to fostering a workplace culture of accessibility, inclusion, diversity, and racial equality and urges all qualified diverse applicants to apply. caf&eacute service staff (part-time) summary: through excellent customer service, provide visitors to the café at the frick with an excellent dining experience.  become familiar with and perform all aspects of the front side of the café; this includes: cashier, host, server, busser, sales, stocking, opening/closing, and cleaning.  some additional back of house duties also required.  the café service staff will foster positive internal and external relationships, bring energy, enthusiasm to the café and work in a collaborative environment in order to maintain and grow the reputation of the café. the café service staff will be joining the frick during an exciting period of renewal and change, as the museum seeks to become an actively anti-racist organization that can serve as a vital resource for our entire community. must have a commitment to fostering a workplace culture of equity and inclusion. reports to: café manager hours: tuesday through friday, daylight, no set schedule. some weekend and evening hours. status: part-time, hourly hourly rate: $14.33, plus shared tips responsibilities: become familiar with daily features, lunch and dessert items assist with food preparation have a working knowledge of the current menu and be able to explain all menu items to guests service tables in a professional efficient and friendly manner welcome guests, answer questions and direct guests to counter to order working knowledge of pos systems, ability to process payments and handle cash opening and closing sidework assist with dishwashing cleaning - clean kitchen and front of house keep beverage areas stocked and organized service bar duties stock supplies and inform the café manager if low on any items work with the café manager to handle any problems arising with visitors to ensure customer satisfaction treat visitors and colleagues with respect and courtesy at all times other duties, as requested by management qualifications: commitment to fostering a workplace culture of inclusion and belonging, anti-racist values and education practices possess an enthusiastic, professional and positive attitude serving experience preferred flexibility in working a varied schedule excellent interpersonal skills clearance of a criminal background check become ramp and servsafe certified if not already (paid by frick) the frick pittsburgh is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to fostering a workplace culture of accessibility, inclusion, diversity, and racial equality and urges all qualified diverse applicants to apply. frick employees enjoy competitive salary and benefits open and collaborative environment discounts in both the museum store and the café at the frick free on-site parking employee assistance program free museum privileges and guest passes to share with family and friends regularly scheduled employee appreciation events, and much more staff contact info media inquiries employment accessibility partnerships hours & admission keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!