annual reports & strategic plan | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters tickets membership home annual reports & strategic plan annual reports & strategic plan our strategic plan 2021-2027 strategic plan annual reports 2020-2021 annual report & strategic plan update looking back on the momentous fiscal year that began on april 1, 2020—marked by the global pandemic of covid-19, the national reckoning with racial justice, the launch of our new strategic plan, the 30th anniversary of clayton’s restoration and public opening, and the 50th anniversary of the frick art museum’s founding—we have much to be thankful for. our staff, members, and visitors found new ways to engage with our collections and eachother; individuals and funders in our community stepped forward with support when we needed it most; and the frick has emerged from this year a more flexible, humble, and socially committed organization. click here 2019-2020 annual report & strategic plan 2019 was a pivotal year for the frick, we successfully completed a strategic plan adopted in 2016, and elizabeth barker joined the frick with a mandate to lead a planning process that would establish goals for our next chapter. gounded in mindset of radical empathy for our visitors, we reviewed our mission statement, penned our first vision statement, and identified our organizational values. click here our mission annual report & strategic plan leadership board of trustees press releases art. history. nature. support the future of the frick donate now keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!