photography policy | the frick pittsburgh museums & gardens toggle navigation blog calendar equity membership rentals café shop donate plan your visit visit hours & admission today at the frick directions & transit site map accessibility tours group visits field trips explore the frick plan your visit see and do see and do the frick grounds today at the frick programs and events events by age group make the most of your visit plan ahead learn learn for educators family programs workshops adult programs summer camps outreach explore from anywhere virtual museum exhibitions exhibitions current exhibitions upcoming exhibitions past exhibitions virtual exhibitions now on view kara walker collection support membership the frick societies reciprocal museums member portal donate legacy planning gifts of stock qualified charitable distributions corporate giving eitc our supporters tickets home photography-policy photography policy still photography without flash for private, non-commercial use by means of phones, hand-held cameras and tablet devices, is permitted only in the permanent collection galleries of the frick art museum and car and carriage museum, provided 18” distance is maintained from any art or artifacts. personal photography is also permitted at the greenhouse, and on the grounds of the frick pittsburgh. photography is prohibited inside the historic mansion, clayton, and is not allowed in specified special exhibition galleries at the frick art museum. selfie sticks are permitted outside on the grounds, but not indoors. videography and use of a tripod or other camera equipment is not permitted at any time. photographs cannot be published, sold, reproduced, or otherwise commercially exploited in any manner whatsoever. the frick pittsburgh is not responsible for any uses of visitor photography that infringe upon third-party copyrights or other rights. visitors taking photos are asked to please be courteous to other museum visitors by not blocking their view or impeding their movement. keep up to date with news and events from the frick pittsburgh newsletter. the frick pittsburgh 7227 reynolds st. pittsburgh, pa 15208 hours: monday: closed tuesday-sunday: gardens and grounds open 8 am-dusk. view detailed hours 412-371-0600 info@thefrickpittsburgh.org contact staff media inquiries employment rentals partnership programs membership about our mission annual report & strategic plan board of trustees trustee portal member portal leadership accessibility equity land acknowledgement press releases photo policy trustee login the frick legacy the frick family historic home & gardens copyright 2018 | the frick pittsburgh | website by blue archer × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × forgot password enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! × my account enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us!