it's scary how much george romero still influences pittsburgh’s film industry close support us newsletter sign in search for: search news open dropdown menu news arts & entertainment business & tech city design real estate environment pgh4all tony norman things to do open dropdown menu event guides guides to pgh kids & family outdoor guides next events eat & drink neighborhoods jobs open dropdown menu next job board post a job yinzer backstage pass next events next10 op-eds about open dropdown menu meet the team advertise with us sponsored content instagram facebook page close skip to content nextpittsburgh support us newsletter sign in newsletter menu sign in news open dropdown menu news arts & entertainment business & tech city design real estate environment pgh4all tony norman things to do open dropdown menu event guides guides to pgh kids & family outdoor guides next events eat & drink neighborhoods jobs open dropdown menu next job board post a job yinzer backstage pass next events next10 op-eds about open dropdown menu meet the team advertise with us sponsored content open search search for: search posted in latest news it’s scary how much george romero still influences pittsburgh’s film industry by jason phox october 21, 2022 november 11, 2022 suzanne romero continues to find inspiration from her later husband, filmmaker george a. romero. photo courtesy george a. romero foundation. while horror movie fans may best remember george a. romero as the creator of “night of the living dead,” to pittsburghers, he’s also known as the force behind the local movie industry. his widow suzanne romero, who is the founder of the george a. romero foundation , says after the success of “ night of the living dead ,” the filmmaker wanted to keep making movies in the pittsburgh area. sign up for the nextletter . get the latest news, hottest places to eat, exciting events and more—directly in your inbox. sign up “george really liked to work with familiar faces,” says romero. “and so he loved the intimacy and the independence that that provided for him, and pittsburgh was his home. it was the place where he could blossom as an artist.” countless horror fans and pittsburgh natives know that george romero began filming in the pittsburgh area after graduating from carnegie mellon university. in addition to “night of the living dead,” the bronx native filmed “dawn of dead” and “creepshow” in monroeville — with “dawn of dead” being filmed in the mall there. romero says that pittsburgh locals are always excited to talk about her late husband’s works because they feel a sense of pride in how iconic the movies are in the film industry. george a. romero. photo courtesy of the george a. romero foundation. in fact, his work is studied at the university of pittsburgh, which houses the george a. romero archival collection . “it is now becoming a horror mecca at the end of the day because you’ve got all these folks who will deposit their work so that scholars and students and researchers can come to the university and study horror,” says romero. “i just think it’s fabulous. it elevates the [horror] genre, and it’s good for pittsburgh and george romero.” pitt is not alone in recognizing the city’s place as a horror hub. point park university has offered a course called zombie cinema and the rise of american anxiety for the last four years. professor matthew pelfrey, who teaches the course, says students analyze the deeper meaning of romero’s zombie films and what they say about america — as well as how they inspire other local filmmakers. “it tells [filmmakers] them they don’t necessarily have to go to l.a. or somewhere else to have a career,” says pelfrey. “night of the living dead,” george a. romero, 1968. “night of the living dead,” george a. romero, 1968. suzanne romero says hollywood used to consider horror movies “second-class citizens.” that sentiment is shared by marty schiff, a point park professor who also was a friend of the filmmaker. “horror films were always considered the sort of fringe genre. it wasn’t really a mainstream thing until the last 20 years,” says schiff. schiff says many people are working in the local movie sector because romero created and promoted pittsburgh. “i think the horror fan base is very loyal, and i just think that everybody considers george the person that started it all, and he started it all here in pittsburgh,” says schiff. “that’s why the city embraces it. it’s just another thing to be proud of in pittsburgh, as far as i’m concerned.” prosthetic makeup artist and actor tom savini is perhaps one of the best-known pittsburghers who built a career after working with romero. in monessen, the douglas education center’s george a. romero’s filmmaking program offers an associate degree for budding filmmakers. “there are so many people that work in the industry today that continue to be successful because of george,” says schiff. the romero foundation was created to continue his legacy. “we want to elevate and cherish george romero and also assist in preserving his work,” adds romero. “also, we want to provide infrastructure and support for independent filmmakers and provide them with scholarships, mentorships, fellowships and initiatives that provide us with some of the things that help independence.” “night of the living dead” is showing at 5:30 p.m. on friday, oct. 28 and saturday, oct. 29, for $10 at carnegie science center’s rangos giant cinema and at 2:05 p.m. and 7:05 p.m. on halloween at row house cinema for $12.57. next month, film pittsburgh will close the three rivers film festival with a special 40th-anniversary screening of romero’s 1982 classic, “creepshow.” co-sponsored by the george a. romero foundation, the film screens on wednesday, nov. 16, at 7 p.m. at the harris theater. tagged: george a. romero , george a. romero foundation , movies made in pittsburgh jason phox general assignment reporter jason phox is a journalist in the pittsburgh area sharing important information with the people of the steel city. he enjoys writing, photography, and mostly comic books. more by jason phox sign up for our free newsletter sign up latest squirrel hill’s serenity wig salon is creating confidence with hair march 6, 2025 march 5, 2025 10 fish fries you need to visit in 2025 march 6, 2025 march 6, 2025 11 things to do this weekend, from history uncorked to the thaw to a pierogi crawl march 5, 2025 march 5, 2025 what’s next for rivers of steel? new ceo mary murrin on pittsburgh’s industrial legacy march 5, 2025 march 4, 2025 pittsburgh’s hottest trivia nights are niche- and pop culture-obsessed march 5, 2025 march 5, 2025 sign up for the free next newsletter sign up about advertise post a job sitemap terms & conditions cookie policy © 2025 nextpittsburgh powered by newspack privacy statement (us) instagram facebook page sign in close sign in with google or enter the code sent to your email. email address enter your password sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email. continue resend code email me a one-time code instead forgot password create an account sign in to an existing account go back continue set a password (optional) read our terms & conditions . this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.