artist draws on others' experiences in love - pittsburgh tribune-review search help advertise partners classifieds yourtown magazines newspapers feedback subscribe to our publications subscriber services commercial printing print advertising classified ads help wanted ads web site advertising tribaddesk.com kqv pittsburgh pirates pittsburgh penguins wtae yahoo! hot jobs autos homes apartments sheriff sales pittsburgh pennysaver triblive classifieds find your town yourcarlynton.com yourchartiersvalley.com yourcranberry.com yourfoxchapel.com yourmonroeville.com yourmoontwp.com yourmurrysville.com yournorthhills.com yournorwin.com yourpennhills.com yourpenntrafford.com yourplum.com yoursewickley.com yoursouthhills.com yourtwinboros.com pa caregiver fanfare wedding essentials faceoff westmoreland magazine pittsburgh tribune-review tribune-review valley news dispatch valley independent daily courier leader times blairsville dispatch mckeesport daily news trib p.m. weekly newspapers member center | become a member home delivery | e-newsletters | kindle | mobile | rss a & e triblive.com web search by yahoo! home news sports a & e lifestyles business opinion things to do your town photos classifieds autos homes jobs trib store theater & arts movies music books museums dining gaming tv listings crossword sudoku | more larger text smaller text print e-mail artist draws on others' experiences in love by kurt shaw , tribune-review art critic thursday, december 4, 2008 'ally reeves: falling in' what: the first of a three-part artist residency program titled "love/fences/nests" when: through dec. 15. hours: 7:30 a.m.-10 p.m. mondays-thursdays, 7:30 a.m.-6 p.m. fridays, 1-7 p.m. saturdays, 7:45 a.m.-6 p.m. sundays where: american jewish museum at the jewish community center, 5738 forbes ave., squirrel hill details: 412-521-8011, ext. 105 or online photos click to enlarge love lines ally reeves click to enlarge love lines ally reeves about the writer kurt shaw covers the art scene for the tribune-review. he can be reached via e-mail . ways to get us be a facebook fan follow us on twitter e-mail newsletters on your mobile "what is love?" might have been the question made most famous by the 1993 haddaway song of the same title, but it also is the theme of pittsburgh artist ally reeves' latest exhibit, "falling in," on display in the fine/perlow and weis gallery at the american jewish museum in the jewish community center in squirrel hill. but where haddaway put the question to music, artist reeves put it to pen and paper -- first, when interviewing almost 40 people about their experiences with love in its varied forms, and second, by creating drawings and ultimately an animated video about it. reeves' "falling in" is a synergistic happening between her and members of the community at large. in the gallery, visitors are privy to more than 30 intimate drawings that detail several of the stories. for example, the drawing titled "story from a woman who read green mansions" relates to a story about a woman named pearl cohen who almost lost her true love when the man she was dating moved to california in the 1950s. not wanting a long-distance relationship, she broke it off after he moved. but, reeves says, "after many months of silence, he wrote her and asked her to read 'green mansions.' when she read it, she realized how sensitive and insightful this man is, and didn't want to lose him. they married, even though they lived apart for many years." another love story relates to a couple in closer proximity. "story from a woman who met her true love on a staircase" illustrates just that. virginia eskridge recalled how she met her future husband on a staircase at chatham university. reeves says that, "having 'bumped into' the same man over and over again -- coincidentally -- she realized there was a 'reason' they constantly met and developed a relationship, then a marriage." not all of the stories are of love in the traditional sense. "story from a man who knew where to find his friend" is about a man whose town got destroyed during world war ii. "he instinctively knew his best friend had been hurt and knew exactly where to go to search for him in the rubble," reeves says. "he believes the profound love he had for his friend enabled him to know where he was and to risk being captured to dig him out of the rubble." the flash animation reeves created that depicts the diverse and colorful interviewees' narratives plays on a monitor in the gallery giving life to the drawings. it not only interprets many of the participants' personal stories but explores how cartoons and animation use both representational and abstract visual language and messages to narrate the human condition. considering "falling in" explores love's artful ability to create shifts in reason and logic, as well as its inexplicable potential to compel us to take leaps of faith into the unknown, it is a synthesis of low-tech social engagement, new media techniques, performance and installation not to be missed. reeves is a recent graduate of the master of fine arts program at carnegie mellon university, a cmu fellow at the studio for creative inquiry and the founder of the mobile museum, a project funded by a seed award from the sprout fund. like "falling in," many of reeves' projects explore the dissolution of boundaries between art and life. bringing art to people in an outdoor setting, she bicycled through pittsburgh's parks with the "look-see tree," a human-powered mini-theater she constructed and attached to a bicycle that was part of the robot 250 program offered in conjunction with pittsburgh's 250th anniversary. combining art with social action, she helped organize "the one mile meal" and "the one mile garden," projects in collaboration with inner-city and rural communities exploring their relationship with an understanding of their local agricultural resources including food production, distribution and sustainability. "falling in" launches the american jewish museum's new season and is the first of a three-part artist-in-residence program titled "love/fences/nests" that also will feature works by ben schachter and anna divinsky. like reeves, schachter and divinsky each will participate consecutively in a three-month residency presenting multimedia installations that result from collaborations with community members. they will set up studios in the american jewish museum's gallery and complete their installations while working in the museum, which is almost always open to the public. "the informal, experimental ambience of 'love/fences/nests' will intrigue audiences as the artists unsettle notions of how art is customarily displayed in museum spaces, while stretching the boundaries of traditional art," says the museum's director, melissa hiller. "although each project will be on view independently, the concepts of feeling at home in public and the intersection of public versus private spheres in everyday lives, weave the exhibits together." more style headlines new dvd releases include 'appaloosa' kevin kline's cyrano de bergerac brings broadway to tv noncatalog sales open with some sparkle new dvd releases include 'pineapple express' chinese alternative medicine works for pets, too don't let child become food monster at mealtime moving books double-dare kids to splash and twirl product keeps babies sleeping on their backs subscribe to the tribune-review today most read most e-mailed latest news advertising information | advertiser list | about our ads newspapers pittsburgh tribune-review tribune-review trib p.m. blairsville dispatch daily courier valley independent valley news dispatch leader times mckeesport daily news community newspapers features bloggers video events calendar movie showtimes photo store trib store local shopping pittsburgh pennysaver sheriff sales tools rss site map widgets mobile newsletters magazines fanfare the magazine faceoff magazine pa caregiver wedding essentials westmoreland magazine your town yourcarlynton.com yourcranberry.com yourfoxchapel.com yourmonroeville.com yourmoontwp.com yournorthhills.com yourpennhills.com yoursewickley.com yoursouthhills.com ... find your town help & services help desk feedback privacy policy subscriber services subscribe to our publications commerical printing place a classified ads print advertising website advertising images and text copyright © 2009 by the tribune-review publishing co. reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent.