bring your students — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search bring your students your classroom just got bigger! thank you for your interest in bringing your students to carnegie museum of art! a visit to the museum will connect your curricular goals to artwork and artists from around the world through creative inquiry-based learning. students will engage with art and ideas through conversation, creativity and critical thinking through careful observation of artworks and other experiential learning modalities.  more information on museum experiences below! themed creative inquiry based museum experiences: impressionism and post-impressionism introduce your students to the colors, textures, expressions of light and imaginative spirit of impressionism and post-impressionism. from the beginnings of impressionism in 1860 through the post impressionist movement of the early 20 th century, these artists embraced radical notions for their time. painting outside (en plein air) from subject matter found in the cities, towns, and rural areas around them pushed the boundaries of art-making and the artist’s role in society. this tour connects and contributes to the study of art history, art making, and visual interpretation, fostering each students individual interpretation and expression 75-minute docent-led museum experience. ancient greece and rome journey through time and place to study ancient greek and roman sculpture, architecture and revivals in the 19 th century. the “odyssey” of each ancient greece and rome tour creates space for students to observe and question the monuments and myths that have shaped our history and impacted our culture today. the museum’s collection provides examples of balance, scale, and harmony demonstrated in plaster reproductions of the parthenon or life-size statues like cast of discobolos . 75-minute docent-led museum experience. contemporary and modern art: around the world engage your students’ minds in creative problem solving and interpretative analysis through the exploration of paintings, sculptures, and multimedia installations from the mid-20th century to today. students will engage in aesthetic and critical responses as they consider the intersection of art and our most pressing contemporary experiences . learners will distinguish elements of color, shape, and texture, and connect their own expression to those of artists with different cultures and lived experiences. 75-minute docent-led museum experience. extraordinary ordinary things: designing for life humans have made functional objects since the beginning of time. connect the study of design and sustainability with your students’ ideas for an innovative and inclusive future. your students will connect objects including tableware, lighting, furniture, and more as catalysts for envisioning new possibilities within our shared environments. this experience introduces the objects we lives with as sources of creative expression that encourage enjoyment, curiosity, agency, and creative problem solving. 75-minute docent-led museum experience. welcome to carnegie museum of art: collection highlights looking at art together is a way we can learn from each other across our differences while practicing active listening, compassion, and empathy. carnegie museum of art stewards more than 100,000 objects featuring painting and sculpture; prints, drawings, and photographs; architectural casts, renderings, and models; decorative arts and design; time-based and digital media; and installations. on this tour, students will engage with a diverse range of artworks that connect across disciplines and lived experiences to strengthen visual, critical, and analytical thinking skills. 75-minute docent-led museum experience. art and writing discover parallels between the aesthetics and practices of visual art and writing. looking at art can inspire reflection, imagination, and stories, offering entry points into creative writing. through slow looking, learners will analyze works of art, identify ideas and concepts, and discuss and develop character, setting, theme, and plot. writing prompts based on art allow learners to create their own relationship to written language and narratives as they look at art. 90-minute docent-led museum experience, includes writing. learning from landscapes: social histories, climate, and natural resources explore social studies, earth sciences, and contemporary environmental questions through wide-ranging artworks and hands-on art-making. consider the art and ideas that connect our past, present, and future lives regionally, nationally, and globally. for fall 2024, this workshop will focus on artworks and artists in the exhibition widening the lens: photography, ecology, and the contemporary landscape . 90-minute museum educator-led museum experience, includes art-making. connecting to cultures around the world artists make artwork that offers ways of celebrating language, empathy, and the study of cultures. as global studies students collectively look at artworks that represent various social, political, and cultural histories, engage in group dialogue, and make art, they activate an expanding worldview. this tour offers learners a new approach to understanding our ever-changing relationships to the world. 90-minute museum educator-led museum experience, includes art-making. self-expression, identity and representation explore social-emotional learning components that generate self-awareness and the power of interconnected identities by looking at and making artwork. museum educators will facilitate a supportive environment where students can engage with artwork to express themselves while navigating the complex dynamics of representation and agency. 90-minute museum educator-led museum experience, includes art-making. charles “teenie” harris archive: a lens to envision the future through the past through the lens of photographer charles “teenie” harris, students will experience the breadth of history, civics, social movements, and life present in a photograph. the charles “teenie” harris archive is composed of over 70,000 photographs and moving images taken by harris, documenting the everyday experience of 20th-century american history. students are invited to become charles “teenie” harris community archivists and contribute their own individual, familial, and collective memories and histories to harris’s photographs. 90-minute museum educator-led museum experience, includes art-making. language arts x visual arts connect language arts to visual arts as a complementary learning practice and content area. by viewing artworks that tell stories and build narrative, students will engage in creative writing, reading, active listening, communication, and context building. artworks shared in this workshop offer a visual inspiration for creating imaginative and expressive content. learners will cultivate an active practice of analyzing an artwork as they would analyze a book and visualizing a book the way they would see an artwork. 90-minute museum educator-led museum experience, includes art-making. social movements, activism, and transformation artworks that span time and place show us histories of social transformation and the role of artists in the fight for racial, economic, lgbtqia+, gender, and disability justice. driven by curiosity, students will be empowered to approach artworks with compassionate, expansive inquiry. learners will develop their own visions for justice, equity, and liberation through creation, conversation, and examination of artwork. 90-minute museum educator-led museum experience, includes art-making. co-created museum experiences: co-create a customized museum experience with museum education staff.  imagine teaching a class in the galleries to connect art with your teaching goals for the day or choose a content aligned art-making experience in the museum art studio led by artist educators. book your tour → museum educator, abreihona lenihan, with a group of students in the galleries; photo: sean eaton 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .