access and accommodations — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search access and accommodations everyone is welcome! we work continually to make museum programs and exhibitions accessible to all visitors. to request accommodations to enhance your visit, please email our visitor and museum services team or call us at +1 412.622.3131 . parking accessible parking spaces are available in our parking garage entered at the corner of forbes avenue and south craig street. head over to the come visit page for details or refer to the museum map . entrances power assist doors are located at the museum’s main entrances at the front of the building on forbes avenue and at the rear of the building via the parking garage, and at the portal entry. head over to the come visit page for details or refer to the museum map . wheelchairs standard, manual wheelchairs are available free of charge at museum admission desk on first-come, first-served basis. we also welcome your personal manual or motorized wheelchairs, walkers, or scooters. the museum’s dining areas, stores, art theater, and restrooms are wheelchair accessible. strollers we encourage the use of strollers throughout our building (although from time to time there are certain areas where we might need to restrict their use, on account of small spaces, especially fragile art, or other circumstances). we provide strollers free of charge, or you’re welcome to bring your own. restrooms accessible restrooms are indicated by signs and located on all floors. please ask a visitor services team member, gallery associate, or refer to the museum map for their locations. personal care attendants (pca) personal care attendants (pca) who are accompanying visitors with disabilities are eligible to receive free admission to the museum. if you are a pca, please identify yourself as a pca while purchasing tickets onsite to receive free admission. visitors with a pca wishing to purchase tickets before their visit can call +1 412.622.3131 . service animals registered service animals such as guide dogs are permitted to assist museum visitors. coat and locker areas coat and locker areas are available at the courtyard entrance and the lower level of the grand staircase. these amenities are being cleaned regularly, but please use at your own risk. wireless access we offer free wireless access throughout our galleries and grounds. during your visit, we encourage you to switch to wifi (dqe-carnegie museums wifi) for faster download speeds. complimentary wifi is provided by dqe communications. closed captioning all educational videos in the art museum galleries are closed-captioned. accessibility at carnegie museums of pittsburgh our museums welcome all visitors. we work to assist visitors with disabilities in obtaining reasonable and appropriate accommodations, and in supporting equal access to our websites, services, programs, and activities. please note that requests for accommodations at our museums should be made at least two weeks prior to your visit. for specific questions about wheelchairs, strollers, or other programmatic or equipment needs, see visitor services at the museum information desk or email visitor services, or call +1 412.622.3131 . the four carnegie museums are committed to keeping their websites compliant with the americans with disabilities act. we welcome any feedback on how to improve our sites’ accessibility for all users and we strive to develop websites that are accessible to all. for policy details, read the carnegie museums notification/resolution procedure . photo: sean eaton 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .