curatorial practice — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search ← explore the collection curatorial practice did you ever wonder what a curator at an art museum does? carnegie museum of art relies on a dedicated team of curators who are responsible for the study, development, and stewardship of the collection as well as the creation of exhibitions and installations. our curators engage with artists, scholars, community members, donors, and other cultural stakeholders, and they work collaboratively with all teams at our museum to create compelling experiences that connect people to art, ideas, and one another. our museum champions a thoughtful and interdisciplinary curatorial practice that ensures that our museum and collection remain a resource to the people of pittsburgh and beyond, today, and tomorrow. scholarship through research and interpretation, our curators produce and facilitate scholarship on artists and their practice, as well as movements, style, and art histories. they are constantly learning from peers at other institutions, as well as scholars, artists, and other practitioners to reflect on current knowledge and ask questions that invite multiple perspectives and broaden our understanding of art. this scholarship impacts the ongoing development and stewardship of the collection as well as the presentation of artworks in exhibitions and other installations. collection development one of the principal responsibilities of the museum is the care and acquisition of works of art. to that end, our curators conduct research to explore objects’ history and provenance . they also examine inherited narratives and identify new acquisitions to add to our collection. while the collection anchors our history, every acquisition also holds transformative potential for the emergence of multifaceted narratives about art. from time to time, artworks are deaccessioned and permanently removed from the collection to refine and improve its quality and to better serve the museum’s mission. in accordance with the association of art museum directors and the american alliance of museums, carnegie museum of art defines direct care as direct costs associated with the storage and preservation of the works of art it holds in public trust. exhibitions and installations our curators collaborate with artists, community partners, scholars, and colleagues within and outside the museum to present artworks. they envision the galleries as spaces for contemporary conversations about art, society, and culture. exhibitions and collection presentations provide an opportunity to share with our audiences our ever-developing thoughts and perspectives on plural art histories as well as distinct institutional and regional histories. browse current exhibitions → tiffany sims, margaret powell curatorial fellow,  cynthia stucki, curatorial assistant for contemporary art and photography, and keenan saiz, hillman photography initiative project curatorial assistant; photo: sean eaton conservation provenance 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .