hall of architecture — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search ← art around you hall of architecture ⏸ welcome to the hall of architecture, where history comes to life. since 1907, our collection of over 140 plaster casts of architectural masterpieces from the past has been a treasure of pittsburgh. our hall of architecture was inspired by one of the seven wonders of the ancient world, the mausoleum at halicarnassus, and it has remained intact through decades of public exhibition. visiting the hall of architecture offers the rare opportunity to appreciate a cultural phenomenon of international scope. why plaster casts? in the past, collectors believed that a replica of a masterpiece was superior to a mediocre original. this fascination with plaster casts dates back to ancient greece and rome and continued through the renaissance into the 19th century. plaster casts were particularly popular during this time as they were featured in international fairs and served as educational tools for both amateurs and art students. our collection was made possible by the vision of andrew carnegie, who by 1907 had amassed a collection of 144 architectural casts, 69 plaster reproductions of sculpture, and 360 replicas in bronze, including beloved favorites from classical antiquity, such as the apollo belvedere and the venus de milo, as well as gothic masterpieces like the florence baptistry doors, and even a full reproduction of the facade of st.-gilles-du-gard. nowadays, plaster casts are not as popular as they once were, and most collections have been dispersed or destroyed. we invite you to come experience this distinguished part of our collection for yourself, and step back in time to encounter the beauty of these architectural masterpieces! art around you hall of architecture hall of sculpture grand staircase sculpture court fountain plaza scaife lobby gallery of miniatures home of the carnegie trees ⏸ carnegie trees for over six decades, the annual installation and decoration of the soaring evergreens in the hall of architecture, fondly known as the carnegie trees, has been the signature tradition of the women’s committee of carnegie museum of art. home of the carnegie trees ⏸ carnegie trees for over six decades, the annual installation and decoration of the soaring evergreens in the hall of architecture, fondly known as the carnegie trees, has been the signature tradition of the women’s committee of carnegie museum of art. art around you hall of architecture hall of sculpture grand staircase sculpture court fountain plaza scaife lobby gallery of miniatures 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .