hillman photography initiative — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search hillman photography initiative what does the future of photography look like? since its start in 2013, the hillman photography initiative has showcased dynamic new artworks, exhibitions, publications, online experiences, and conversations transforming our relationship to the photographic medium. the hillman photography initiative connects carnegie museum of art with diverse audiences to exchange new ideas about photography. the initiative presents a series of programs over two-year cycles centered around a concept or theme in which photography impacts our contemporary world. for each cycle, we collaborate with artists and creative thinkers to create innovative and insightful projects. cycle 4: widening the lens 2024–2025 photography has dramatically altered our access to, understanding of, and impact on the natural world. through programming that includes the exhibition widening the lens: photography, ecology, and the contemporary landscape , a podcast series, and publication, widening the lens examines environmental history and degradation, particularly in the american landscape, as well as urgent concerns surrounding climate change, through the camera lens. learn more → victoria sambunaris, untitled (dune buggy), all american canal, ca , 2021, inkjet print, 55 x 77 in. (139.7 x 195.6 cm). courtesy the artist and yancey richardson gallery, new york cycle 3: mirror with a memory 2020–2021 how are images being utilized to gather data on our daily activities? with the development and advancement of artificial intelligence, there has been a radical change in the way surveillance systems capture, categorize, and synthesize photographs. mirror with a memory explores the worlds of ai, photography, and surveillance—their past, present, and future—to underscore concerns about implicit bias, right to privacy, and police monitoring embedded in corporate, military, and law enforcement applications. learn more → zach blas, sanctum (detail), 2018, mixed-media installation. courtesy of the artist cycle 2: lightime 2016–2017 how can we employ the essential elements of photography to create a new definition of the medium? at its most basic, photography records light over time to create an image. but what if we use it to record light over time to create something different? these four artist projects, as well as the light clock on the museum’s front plaza, push the envelope on what is photographic. with this new definition, photography becomes a springboard to investigate and participate in contemporary social issues. learn more → still from styles and customs of the 2020s , 2017, virtual reality, variable duration, by kim laughton, based on text from dis creative brief by marvin jordan, a scatter x dis collaboration, supported by the hillman photography initiative at carnegie museum of art cycle 1: life cycles of images 2014–2015 what is the lifecycle of an image—from creation and transmission to consumption, storage, potential loss, and reemergence? we live in a world of image sharing, and these four projects investigate the boundaries and possibilities of photography through the ways it is circulated. technology accelerates this circulation, and often alters or redirects the trajectory of an image in unexpected, powerful ways. learn more → detail sara cwynar, girl from contact sheet 2 (darkroom manuals) , 2013. courtesy of the artist and foxy production, new york. 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .