youth creativity — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search a place for youth creativity photo: bryan conley we have an abundance of opportunities for young people to engage with their museum! teens interested in arts management can apply for our youth art initiative or the august wilson internship; young artists can hone their creative practice in the youth art studio; and those looking for full-day camp offerings can register for our summer camp. read on to learn more about how to enroll in one or more of these programs! a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships day off at the museum young artists ages 6 through 10 are invited to spend their days off from school immersed in art, learning, and fun! day off at the museum mon., mar. 31, 9 a.m. classes day off at the museum mon., apr. 14, 9 a.m. classes museum makers museum makers is a weekly studio-based program that provides art-making, discussion, and sensory experiences for children ages 1 –10. young artists will have exposure to a wide variety of art-making tools and materials but will also practice and stimulate problem solving and integrate learning from other areas of education such as math and reading, in a culturally significant institution. learn more → the art connection your ideas, your voices, your neighborhood art museum. in its 96th year, the art connection challenges artists in grades 5–8 to not only create unique artworks inspired by the work in our galleries but to exhibit their own work in our galleries as well. educators will facilitate art experiences in painting, printmaking, drawing, ceramics, and mixed media and students will have access to a wide variety of materials and tools to pursue art-making that is inline with their interests and creative passions. in addition to art-making, artists will make connections to the exhibited artworks, engage in peer discussion and collaborate on the curation and marketing of their student exhibition. learn more → youth art studio students in grades 9–12 will gather weekly to learn artistic skills to develop their personal art practices and portfolios as well as gather information regarding continued education and professions in the creative field. professional artists, educators and other experts will lead students in studio explorations and discussions at the museum and other off-site spaces like universities and galleries. students will also be challenged to work as a group to curate and market the culminating art exhibition in which their own work will be showcased. learn more → summer sessions youth art studio summer session: add, redact, abstract june 16–20, 9–11:30 a.m. become inspired by the works of raymond saunders in flowers from a black garden to think beyond realism and traditional techniques to create art in innovative ways. classes youth art studio summer session: film and photography studio july 7–11, 9–11:30 a.m. study photographer charles “teenie” harris’s body of work in our new gallery archives, compose studio portraits of your classmates, and venture outdoors to tell stories through still and moving images of our neighborhood. classes youth art studio summer session: art anthropology: sculptural stories july 21–25, 9–11:30 a.m. explore the stories we uncover through the artworks that civilizations leave behind. pair museum learning and the exploration of diverse sculptural materials and processes for a full arts experience. classes youth art studio summer session: curator academy aug. 4–11, 9–11:30 a.m. learn the ins and outs of curation, gallery design, and installation from museum experts and uncover how artwork is chosen, hung, and discussed in a museum. classes summer camp registration for 2025 summer camps at carnegie museums of art and natural history is now open! we invite all artists and explorers to roam among real dinosaurs, play with clay, uncover the natural history of fantasy worlds, become fashion designers—and more! learn more → youth art initiative applications opening soon. are you a teen interested in the arts, how a museum works, and creating art experiences for other teens? be a part of youth art initiative! carnegie museum of art’s youth art initiative (yai) is a student-driven high school internship focused on creating museum experiences for pittsburgh-area teens. yai members collaborate with museum staff and working artists to produce original projects and plan public events. over the span of 10 weeks, yai will go behind the scenes to learn how the museum works, get an in-depth look at exhibitions, and help determine how the museum supports its teen audience. designed as a seasonal program, yai offers teens a comfortable space to explore their creativity while building a broad and inclusive community at the museum! yai membership is free for teens ages 13–19 and includes museum admission frequently asked questions about yai who can participate in yai? pittsburgh-area teens, ages 13–19, who want to have input in how the museum engages, supports, and is available for teens. teens interested in museum careers and other forms of arts management. creative teens who want to participate in the arts beyond art-making. artistic teens interested in using their art to build community. does yai teach students how to make art? while yai doesn’t teach art-making, it can give teen artists, including yai members, a platform to showcase their creativity while learning about careers in the museum field. there may be opportunities for artists who work across mediums to have their work on display either online or in-person. when and where does yai meet? yai meets in-person at the museum on thursdays from 4:30–6:30 p.m. what are the attendance requirements? yai interns should be able to attend at least 80% of the in-person meetings during the 10-week session. does it pay? yai interns get paid our internship rate at $10/hour with up to a total of 24 hours per module. do yai interns get free museum admission? yes, yai participants will be enrolled in carnegie museums of pittsburgh’s free teen membership if they aren’t already a member. is there an enrollment limit? we will accept up to 15 yai interns per module. what if i’m interested in helping with yai but it doesn’t work with my schedule? you can still register! just let us know your availability. part-time attendants can participate, whether it’s attending a few meetings, submitting ideas, contributing creatively to yai’s projects, volunteering for an event, or simply attending. however, only those who can fully commit to the 10-week term will be paid a stipend. august wilson legacy fund internship become an august wilson intern at the carnegie museum of art! from educators and conservators to art preparators, curators, and accountants, it takes all kinds of professions to make an art museum operate. this internship program was created in the legacy of pittsburgh playwright august wilson, providing pathways and opportunities for young people of color in the arts. spend your summer in an experiential internship with a deep dive into the museum field. your summer will be full of art and learning while working alongside museum staff in a variety of roles. the internships are open to all high school students, centering african american students. apply now → for questions or more information, please email our education and public programs team. the 2022 august wilson interns; photo: sean eaton a place for kids a place for teens a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .