events — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search a place for conversations tishan hsu and ryan inouye in conversation at carnegie museum of art, november 2022; photo: sean eaton the museum is your place to be in conversation! our talks and lectures bring together individuals from various disciplines, practices, and geographies. discussions are designed to expand perspectives and ignite the imagination while placing the museum in the world and the world in the museum. we look forward to having you as part of our next conversation. a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships upcoming events view all → in conversation: reading gertrude abercrombie thurs., mar. 13, 6:30 p.m. talks and lectures the annual terry smith lecture in contemporary art: marci kwon thurs., mar. 20, 6:30 p.m. talks and lectures in conversation: dread scott sat., mar. 29, 6:30 p.m. talks and lectures in conversation: navigating classifications thurs., may 1, 6:30 p.m. talks and lectures past events gala porras-kim: the reflection at the threshold of a categorical division opening celebration thurs., feb. 27, 6 p.m. party honoring dr. martin luther king in the charles “teenie” harris archive sun., jan. 19, 3 p.m. drop-in nearing each other readings: january thurs., jan. 9, 5:30 p.m. talks and lectures sounds for the season: geña y peña sat., jan. 4, 2 p.m. performance pittsburgh winter in the charles “teenie” harris archive sat., dec. 14, 2024, 3 p.m. drop-in nearing each other readings: december thurs., dec. 12, 2024, 5:30 p.m. talks and lectures scoring the works of beate kuhn sun., dec. 1, 2024, 1 p.m. performance […] sat., nov. 30, 2024, 2 p.m. screenings in conversation: lucy raven and candice hopkins thurs., nov. 14, 2024, 6 p.m. talks and lectures teaching artists, convene! fri., nov. 8, 2024, 9 a.m. conferences a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .