parties — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search a place for parties ⏸ make friends, bring a friend; fall in love, be in love; dress up, dress down; dazzle and delight; dance with art, dance for art, and make art dance! we bring together djs across sound and style and pair them with unique locations in the museum, delicious drinks, and excellent lighting for a party that can’t be missed. a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships upcoming events youth exhibition opening celebration sat., apr. 12, 2 p.m. party saturday at the museum legacy party sat., apr. 12, 7 p.m. party past parties gala porras-kim: the reflection at the threshold of a categorical division opening celebration thurs., feb. 27, 6 p.m. party friends and lovers thurs., feb. 13, 6:30 p.m. party winter heat fri., jan. 17, 8 p.m. party nearing each other opening celebration thurs., oct. 17, 2024, 6 p.m. drop-in ⏸ untitled (art party) fri., sept. 20, 2024, 7 p.m. party tq live! 2024 fri., sept. 13, 2024, 8 p.m. co-presented mostbeautifullest presents: deep south atl, featuring alexis curshé thurs., july 18, 2024, 5 p.m. inside out guardians of sound’s hip hop orchestra and bill henry band sat., july 13, 2024, 11 a.m. inside out mostbeautifullest presents: watermelon glow, featuring dj jamz, rojo, and mars thurs., june 27, 2024, 5 p.m. inside out ⏸ winter heat fri., jan. 19, 2024, 8 p.m. party winter exhibition celebration thurs., dec. 14, 2023, 6 p.m. party pittsburgh satellite reef artist toast thurs., nov. 9, 2023, 6 p.m. party a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .