partnerships — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search a place for partnerships we are honored to be part of the historic, dynamic, and ever-changing cultural ecology of the pittsburgh region. partnerships are essential in connecting communities and artists while addressing regional and global questions and ambitions. we are a resource for neighborhood organizations throughout the region and beyond, while building mutually generative cross-organizational relationships. we are committed to: creating channels for ongoing communication and exchange with local institutions, peers, and community-based organizations. we are dedicated to sharing available museum resources and identifying unmet needs and opportunities for co-creation and mutual support. prioritizing deep, sustained, and mutually supportive local partnerships to build community trust and achieve greater collective impact. supporting pittsburgh artists through access to space, collections, resources, programs, and relationship-building opportunities. building off-campus programming and activations that extend the museum’s resources and offerings into the community. if you are interested in learning more about community partnerships, please contact our education and public programs team. a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships recent partners ajapo, acculturation for justice, access and peace outreach assemble bcap bhutanese community association of pittsburgh bethany christian services boom concepts braddock youth project breathe project casa san jose catholic charities of pittsburgh carnegie library of pittsburgh carnegie mellon university school of art chinese association for science and technology commonunitypgh farmergirl eb garfield farms grounded guardians of sound’s hip hop orchestra hello neighbor japan-america society jewish family community services legacy arts project latino community center los sabrosos dance co. michiyaya & friends mostbeautifullest nat 28 phipps conservatory and botanic gardens pittsburgh art book fair pittsburgh ballet theatre pittsburgh glass center pittsburgh mendelssohn choir pittsburgh public schools pittsburgh sound and image propel schools riverlife squonk opera the equity | impact center upstream pgh university of pittsburgh valley clean air now woodland hills school district find us in your neighborhood experience our artwork and programs in collaboration with incredible organizations, communities and places around town! from art installed in public spaces, to learning opportunities developed with community partners, to special events in conversation with our neighbors’ interests and most pressing questions, to mission aligned co-presentations—we love to share and learn from all the ways artwork connects us. charles “teenie” harris at the august wilson house 1727 bedford ave, pittsburgh, pa offsite sculptures various locations james “yaya” hough, a gift to the hill district 2317 centre avenue, pittsburgh, pa neighborhood museum neighborhood museum welcomes recently arrived refugee families through artwork and art-making and centers a multiplicity of cultural practices; artwork becomes a way to learn about your new home and a way to share where you have come from. we provide a free family membership to carnegie museums of pittsburgh and introduce you to the museum with resources in your home language. learn more → neighborhood museum, 2023; photo: sean eaton inside out our free outdoor summer event series celebrates pittsburgh’s rich cultural landscape with revitalizing outdoor performances, art-making and viewing, local food trucks, and more. on thursday nights from 5 to 9 p.m., dance your heart out or relax into the evening as the talent of pittsburgh’s expansive nightlife scene takes over. djs, musicians, and dancers transform our sculpture court into a can’t-miss happy hour dance party. on saturdays from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m., the sculpture court becomes your place to imagine, relax, play, and create while immersed in art and performance by regional arts organizations, dance companies, and creative collaborations. learn more → inside out, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman artists in the world podcast with wqed view all → carnegie museum of art and wqed-fm present artists in the world , a podcast that opens conversations between artists and their contemporaries. artists in the world uplifts artistic voices and explores multiple histories, geographies, and current events while creating space for new ideas and possibilities. artists in the world episode six podcasts artists in the world episode five podcasts artists in the world episode four podcasts artists in the world episode three podcasts artists in the world episode two podcasts carnegie museum of art and pittsburgh symphony orchestra carnegie museum of art and pittsburgh symphony orchestra partnered in 2021 and 2022 to connect artworks from the museum’s collection with the sounds of the pittsburgh symphony’s season. below, learn more about these artworks and how they related to the pso season’s lineup. vanessa german and jessie montgomery audio andreas achenbach and johannes brahms audio claude monet and claude debussy audio mary cassatt and dvořák audio jean-baptiste-camille corot and gustav mahler audio past co-presented events art book fairs, 101 sat., sept. 28, 2024, 1 p.m. co-presented pittsburgh art book fair sat., sept. 28, 2024, 10 a.m. co-presented tq live! 2024 fri., sept. 13, 2024, 8 p.m. co-presented from cleveland to japan: a replica returns to the scene of the original thurs., sept. 12, 2024, 6:30 p.m. co-presented children’s day celebration sun., may 5, 2024, 12 p.m. co-presented an afternoon with jessica stockholder sat., mar. 30, 2024, 2 p.m. talks and lectures harmony in tradition: the 27th greater pittsburgh lunar new year fair and show sun., feb. 4, 2024, 11 a.m. proximate objects: large contemporary artworks and their territorial claims thurs., dec. 7, 2023, 5:15 p.m. talks and lectures pittsburgh art book fair sat., sept. 9, 2023, 10 a.m. co-presented tq live! 2023 sat., aug. 26, 2023, 7 p.m. co-presented hands-on art making with artist dorothy burge sun., july 23, 2023, 2 p.m. workshops in conversation: art, imagination, and liberation sat., july 22, 2023, 2 p.m. talks and lectures across the walls screening and panel discussion: 2nd chances keep us safer sat., feb. 18, 2023, 2 p.m. screenings greater pittsburgh lunar new year fair and show, year of 2023 sun., jan. 15, 2023, 1 p.m. drop-in annual terry smith lecture in contemporary art with dr. heather igloliorte tues., oct. 18, 2022, 6 p.m. talks and lectures tq live! 2022 sat., sept. 10, 2022, 7 p.m. party artist talk mental health sun., july 17, 2022, 6 p.m. talks and lectures a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .