carnegie museum of art film series — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search carnegie museum of art film series the carnegie museum of art film series is an annual program that builds on the rich, dynamic film history and expansive time-based media collection at the museum. each year, carnegie museum of art invites a filmmaker or artist to curate the film series, offering visitors the chance to enjoy film and time-based media, a medium that carnegie museum of art has showcased and collected for decades. past series 2024: programmed by astria suparak “alternate realities, reincarnation, and remembrance; complex family relationships and inherited trauma; the wreckage of capitalism and carceral culture; and formal experimentation are ideas that have much resonance to me and unfold in various forms throughout the series.” —astria suparak the 2024 carnegie museum of art film series programmed by artist and curator astria suparak features a special program each month that expands out of a singular idea, topic, or question that is catalyzed by artworks in the museum’s collection. for each program, suparak has curated a combination of forms, ranging from feature-length narratives and documentaries to music videos, formalist experiments, animation, and internet memes. the selections date from 1920s avant-garde cinema to a new collage video created for the series. astria suparak is based in oakland, california. her cross-disciplinary projects address complex and urgent issues (like institutionalized racism, feminisms, and colonialism) made accessible through a popular culture lens, such as science fiction movies, rock music, and sports. straddling creative and scholarly work, the projects often take the form of publicly available tools and databases, chronicling subcultures and omitted perspectives. artists and filmmakers include: ana hušman anthony banua-simon ashley hans sheirl and ursula pürrer astria suparak basel abbas and ruanne abou-rahme camille henrot charles dekeukeleire charles “teenie” harris daniel kwan and daniel scheinert david blandy doplgenger fethi sahraoui haig aivazian ivan ladislav galeta ja’tovia gary jacolby satterwhite jesse chun jon bois jonelle twum jordan wong judy fiskin karen luong keith piper lawrence lek lillian schwartz lu yang marie watt markus scherer may maylisa cat miryam charles nam june paik paper rad paul glabicki peter campus raphael montañez ortiz sim hahahah sondra perry suneil sanzgiri takashi ito terence nance thenjiwe niki nkosi thom anderson tintin cooper tony buba tony cokes tuấn andrew nguyễn william wegman astria suparak, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman kick rocks sat., apr. 27, 2024, 2 p.m. screenings vivid sunsets over glistening oceans sat., may 25, 2024, 2 p.m. screenings vibe check sat., june 29, 2024, 2 p.m. screenings power plays sat., july 27, 2024, 2 p.m. screenings a spell against amnesia sat., aug. 31, 2024, 2 p.m. screenings aesthetic athletics sat., sept. 21, 2024, 2 p.m. screenings urban legends sat., oct. 26, 2024, 1:30 p.m. screenings […] sat., nov. 30, 2024, 2 p.m. screenings 2023: programmed by tony buba tony buba, an internationally acclaimed filmmaker from braddock, pennsylvania, inaugurates the 2023 film series, running may through december 2023. this year’s selection will introduce 17 films and 24 directors to a new generation of filmgoers in the carnegie museum of art theater, with special screenings in the museum’s outdoor sculpture court. buba, best known for documentaries about pennsylvania, curated the inaugural film series lineup, which explores topics relevant to the region, such as labor, inequity, and identity. the expansive roster of films includes rarely seen and critically acclaimed documentaries and feature films, including work made by buba and other filmmakers and directors, such as peggy ahwesh and manny kirchheimer. tony buba, 2023; photo: sean eaton pittsburgh trilogies sat., may 13, 2023, 3 p.m. screenings martin sat., june 10, 2023, 8 p.m. screenings we tell: 50 years of participatory community media sat., july 15, 2023, 3 p.m. screenings the films of appalshop sat., aug. 12, 2023, 3 p.m. screenings seventeen sat., sept. 16, 2023, 3 p.m. screenings canners and one more time sat., oct. 14, 2023, 3 p.m. screenings hale county this morning, this evening sat., nov. 11, 2023, 3 p.m. screenings 100 ways to cross the border and borderhole sat., dec. 9, 2023, 3 p.m. screenings 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .