the museum is your classroom — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search the museum is your classroom photo: bryan conley expand the walls of your classroom with everything the museum has to offer! from looking and learning tours and looking and making workshops , educator residencies , and empowered educators , to the multitude of available lesson plans and learning resources, you’re sure to find what you’re looking for whether you’re a student or an educator. bring your students your classroom just got bigger! share with us your teaching and learning goals, and we will co-create a museum experience for you and your students. a visit to the museum will connect your curricular goals to artwork and artists from around the world through creative inquiry-based learning. learn more → photo: sean eaton educator residency artwork throughout the museum’s collection can become a tool to meet your learning objectives no matter the discipline you teach. not only does art reach across curriculum, but it also invites social, emotional, critical, and creative learning. the educator residency at carnegie museum of art is a three-week program with an honorarium for multidisciplinary k–12 educators from our partner school districts. as a resident, you will work in small, grade-based clusters with museum educators to explore the museum as an educational resource for classroom learning along with creative recuperation and inspiration. learn more → empowered educators educators of all disciplines, artists, field professionals, and museum staff: please join us for empowered educators! in this ongoing participatory series, we will deepen our understanding of the ways in which the construction of race and our racialized experiences impact our teaching and learning communities. together, we will engage with art, literature, writing through group conversations with artists and guest speakers. empowered educators are rooted in liberatory and culturally relevant pedagogies to support us in building a more equitable and just world. learn more → resources for learning interdisciplinary lesson plans artist threads art activities art lesson plans learning tool kits 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .