professional learning and development — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search professional learning and development team building and leadership development and social, critical, and creative skill expansion are all possible through an active relationship with art. our museum based learning program for graduate and post-graduate students and professionals  provides curricula and workshops to deepen and expand learning environments and resources.. this facilitated museum experience creates a structure to unplug and slow down, opening up space for social, emotional, and art-centered dialogue our inquiry-based methodology encourages students to learn more about themselves, their peers, and the world around them by examining shared humanity through inquiry-based art analysis while connecting content to specific fields of study. through structured conversations rooted in artworks, participants will strengthen their skills of empathy, critical thinking, and self-awareness. example structure of workshops 90-minute sessions in the galleries, with extended conversations near a limited number of artworks. each conversation is timed at 20 or 30 minutes to encourage close looking, critical thinking, reflection, and sharing by all participants, as well as removing a sense of urgency that so often creeps into our work. the sessions may also include writing prompts, self-exploration in the galleries around a topic or guiding question, as well as group reflection on the experience. want to get started? to learn more and create a custom program to meet your professional development goals please contact our education and public programs team. 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .