tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search ← what’s on view tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms heinz architectural center on view through june 15, 2025 installation view of tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms , carnegie museum of art, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman where do we find rest? how do we share our meals? can the spaces we inhabit daily help us better nurture one another? how might the design of a living room or a kitchen relate to—and empower—a broader sense of community? for tatiana bilbao (born 1972) and her mexico city practice tatiana bilbao estudio , architecture results from research that includes exploratory exhibitions. in this exhibition, five of the galleries are assigned an individual room typology—kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, living room, and garden. the architects associate each room type with current projects, revealing, for instance, the role of communal kitchens in a residential building in mexico city or the way small gardens coexist with houses in st. louis, mo. these relationships offer new possibilities for privacy and publicness. city of rooms communicates an approach to architecture filled with incident and capable of change across time. tatiana bilbao estudio’s vision, research, and experimental practice welcome us into an interdependent, vital, and mutually supportive urban fabric, a proverbial city of rooms. tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms is organized by raymund ryan, curator-at-large, heinz architectural center. read, watch, listen the architecture is present essays in conversation: tatiana bilbao audio read, watch, listen the architecture is present essays in conversation: tatiana bilbao audio events and programs collage as a collective vision and practice with tatiana bilbao sat., jan. 18, 10:30 a.m. workshops tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms opening celebration sat., sept. 21, 2024, 3 p.m. talks and lectures installation views installation view of tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms , carnegie museum of art, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman installation view of tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms , carnegie museum of art, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman installation view of tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms , carnegie museum of art, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman installation view of tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms , carnegie museum of art, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman installation view of tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms , carnegie museum of art, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman installation view of tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms , carnegie museum of art, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman installation view of tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms , carnegie museum of art, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman installation view of tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms , carnegie museum of art, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman installation view of tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms , carnegie museum of art, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman installation view of tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms , carnegie museum of art, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman installation view of tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms , carnegie museum of art, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman installation view of tatiana bilbao estudio: city of rooms , carnegie museum of art, 2024; photo: zachary riggleman support the programs of the heinz architectural center are made possible by the generosity of the drue heinz trust. generous support for the exhibition is provided by the graham foundation for advanced studies in the fine arts. carnegie museum of art’s exhibition program is supported by the carnegie museum of art exhibition fund and the fellows of carnegie museum of art. carnegie museum of art is supported by the heinz endowments and allegheny regional asset district. carnegie museum of art receives state arts funding support through a grant from the pennsylvania council on the arts, a state agency funded by the commonwealth of pennsylvania. 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .