events — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search drop-in drop-in programs take me out to the ball game in the charles “teenie” harris archive sat., apr. 26, 2 p.m. drop-in learning from women in the charles “teenie” harris archive sat., mar. 8, 2 p.m. drop-in honoring dr. martin luther king in the charles “teenie” harris archive sun., jan. 19, 3 p.m. drop-in carnegie lab fri., jan. 3, 10 a.m. drop-in join art educators in the museum’s art studio on every friday for free art-making and sensory activities inspired by to the exhibitions in our galleries. all ages are invited to participate, and activities are free with museum admission. pittsburgh winter in the charles “teenie” harris archive sat., dec. 14, 2024, 3 p.m. drop-in gather around a curated selection of charles “teenie” harris’s photographs of winter in pittsburgh and encounter the work as a community archivist. share memories, swap stories, and learn how pittsburghers of the past weathered the cold in their daily lives. nearing each other opening celebration thurs., oct. 17, 2024, 6 p.m. drop-in generative play: game design collaboratory facilitated by amze emmons sun., sept. 29, 2024, 12 p.m. drop-in carnegie museums of pittsburgh presents hispanic heritage celebration sat., sept. 14, 2024, 11 a.m. drop-in children’s day celebration sun., may 5, 2024, 12 p.m. co-presented join our art educators and guests from the japan-america society of pennsylvania for koinobori-making (carp streamers), check out a display of samurai armor, make your own paper samurai helmet, learn printmaking, and more! youth exhibition opening party sun., apr. 21, 2024, 2 p.m. drop-in daily collection tours wed., dec. 6, 2023, 1 p.m. drop-in these  these conversational, one-hour, docent-led tours are offered daily from april 12 through december 31, 2023. think, feel, and connect with the world around you, and let artworks be the spark. carnegie museums of pittsburgh presents hispanic heritage celebration sat., oct. 14, 2023, 11 a.m. drop-in rad days sat., sept. 30, 2023, 10 a.m. drop-in amie siegel: opening and artist toast thurs., sept. 21, 2023, 6 p.m. drop-in carnegie lab sat., sept. 16, 2023, 11 a.m. drop-in join art educators in the museum every saturday for art-making and sensory activities inspired by the exhibitions in our galleries! all ages are invited to participate and activities are free with museum admission. inside out: black power storytime sat., aug. 12, 2023, 12 p.m. drop-in black power story and song + dj set and live mixing by traxploitation inside out: spill acts sat., aug. 5, 2023, 12 p.m. drop-in spill acts organized by shikeith cathey inside out featuring c street brass, bill henry band, and suave pav sat., july 29, 2023, 12 p.m. drop-in join us for an afternoon of music, dancing, and fun during inside out, our free summer event series! on saturday, july 29, enjoy performances by c street brass with dj sets by suave pav in between sets. inside out: the possibilities of movement sat., july 22, 2023, 12 p.m. drop-in the possibilities of movement: reché nelson, donovan reed, gianna theodore organized by tiffany sims story saturday: someone builds the dream sat., july 22, 2023, 11 a.m. drop-in join us in the ailsa mellon bruce decorative arts and design galleries for an in-person story time with curatorial assistant alyssa velazquez reading someone builds the dream by lisa wheeler, followed by an art-making activity for children 12 and under. inside out featuring arie cole and friends sat., july 15, 2023, 12 p.m. drop-in bill henry band  + dj sets by arie cole inside out: rematriated realms sat., july 8, 2023, 12 p.m. drop-in rematriated realms presented by sybils shrine artists, dail chambers, bekezela mguni, tiara burton and naomi chambers inside out: (out of the) house party sat., july 1, 2023, 12 p.m. drop-in kelly strayhorn theater: under the sun inside out featuring chamber orchestra of pittsburgh and dini daddy sat., june 24, 2023, 12 p.m. drop-in chamber orchestra of pittsburgh: dj set by dini daddy imprinting in their time: japanese printmakers, 1912-2022 members’ reception sat., june 24, 2023, 10 a.m. drop-in during a special preview just for members, delve into this new exhibition with gallery spotlights tours and mingle with fellow members. inside out featuring staycee pearl dance project and soy sos sat., june 17, 2023, 12 p.m. drop-in [one sentence of copy about event goes here.] youth artist studio exhibition thurs., apr. 27, 2023, 5 p.m. drop-in all are welcome to admire the public exhibition of artwork by students of the youth artist studio (yas) . the showcase will include a selection of artwork by each student. this event is free to attend, and no registration is required. greater pittsburgh lunar new year fair and show, year of 2023 sun., jan. 15, 2023, 1 p.m. drop-in to celebrate the lunar new year with cultural diversity, science and technology, and art, the chinese association for science and technology, pittsburgh chapter is bringing a one-of-a-kind celebratory experience to carnegie museum of art posts pagination 1 2 … 4 → 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .