contact us — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search contact us for general information, please contact our visitor and museum services team at +1 412.622.3131 . have comments, questions, or suggestions? use our contact form below and we’ll make sure you get in touch with the right person. contact form → frequently asked questions i would like to donate an artwork to the museum. what should i do? thank you for considering a donation to carnegie museum of art. since its founding, our museum collection has been enriched through many generous gifts of art. please look at our collections site to familiarize yourself with the kinds of artworks held in our collection. if you wish to offer your artwork as a gift to the museum, please fill out this form and be prepared to share the following: photographs of the front and back of the work artist, title, year, medium, and dimensions additional information, such as provenance, condition, and exhibition and publication history our curatorial staff will review and reply to your offer if they are interested to learn more. please do not send or bring original artworks to the museum. i am an artist/curator. how do i submit exhibition proposals? we appreciate the opportunity to learn about your work. please review past exhibitions on our website to familiarize yourself with our museum’s artistic program, which is planned at least two to three years in advance. due to the high volume of proposals we receive and limited exhibition opportunities, we are unable to reply to unsolicited submissions. if you represent an institution that organizes touring exhibitions or if you are interested in presenting an exhibition organized by carnegie museum of art at your museum, please use our contact form . in order to be considered, touring exhibition proposals must include the following: exhibition description checklist cost approximate size requirements availability dates other pertinent information for artists wanting to share their work, please do not send or bring original works to the museum. instead, use our contact form and share images or videos of your work with the following details: title, year, medium, and dimensions. due to the high volume of inquiries we receive, we are unable to reply to every submission. unsolicited original artworks, reproductions, or publications sent to the museum will not be returned. will you tell me the value of the artwork that i have? will you authenticate my artwork? carnegie museum of art is unable to authenticate or appraise artworks. please explore the following resources: international society of appraisers, or isa appraisers association of america american society of appraisers (asa) how should i care for the artwork i have? will you help me repair it? our museum staff will not perform conservation treatment for your artwork. please explore the following resources for best ways to care for your artwork: american institute for conservation of historic and artistic works the conservation center for art and historic artifacts northeast documentation center i am a scholar, student, and/or researcher. how do i access the materials in your archive or view an artwork in storage? our collection and archives are a resource for your scholarship, and we will do our best to provide access. visit the archives website to explore our holdings in film and video and the hall of architecture. for any in-person access request at the museum, please send an email to archives@carnegieart.org at least 3 months in advance briefly describing your research and providing a detailed list of materials and/or artworks that you would like to see. we will evaluate the materials requested and staff availability to best determine how we might accommodate your inquiry. thank you for your curiosity and patience. 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .