health and safety — carnegie museum of art skip to the content carnegie museum of art about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development carnegie museum of art ☰ ✕ how to visit come visit when we’re open and how to find us prepare for your visit save on admission welcome kids! bring your students tour the museum with us access and accommodations dine with us shop with us art to encounter what’s on view upcoming film screenings past exhibitions search the collection conservation provenance curatorial practice art around you scaife lobby grand staircase hall of architecture hall of sculpture sculpture court and more carnegie international charles “teenie” harris archive forum series heinz architectural center hillman photography initiative what’s happening events calendar today and upcoming past events a place for... well-being kids teens youth creativity conversations friends and family lifelong learning parties partnerships summer camps youth art classes neighborhood museum film series mindful museum ways to learn read, watch, listen the museum is your classroom educator residency empowered educators resources for learning youth classes art to encounter from home online tours get to know the artists professional learning and development about shop dine join give tickets 🔍 search your health and safety covid-19 masks are currently optional for visitors to carnegie museums of art and natural history. we will continue to monitor the pandemic and respond to expert guidance, and we stand ready to adjust our policy should that prove necessary. masks are available on-site if you request one. if you have tested positive for covid-19, are experiencing symptoms, or have been exposed to covid-19, we ask that you please stay home and we invite you to explore our virtual offerings . please note: carnegie museums reserves the right to require that visitors who do not follow posted safety guidelines or instructions from our staff leave the premises. please see our visitor conduct policy for more information. air quality carnegie museum of art has always been concerned about the air quality in our galleries for guest comfort and the care of our collections and exhibits. we regularly monitor our heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems to ensure our facility is an environment you can trust. additional measures include: increasing the amount of outdoor air introduced into all non-collection areas by 15%, further improving ventilation throughout the building equipping all air-handling units with filters and pre-filters that exceed the minimum efficiency reporting values (merv) recommended by ashrae disinfecting air-handling units once a week using one of two viricides from the epa’s list n: disinfectants for use against sars-cov-2 installation view of new to the collection at carnegie museum of art, 2021; photo: bryan conley 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 +1 412.622.3131 contact us access and accommodations health and safety careers event rentals image licensing instagram facebook twitter linkedin youtube search 🔍 art in your inbox 📧 carnegie museum of art terms of use , privacy policy , non-discrimination policy © carnegie museum of art, carnegie institute. all rights reserved. one of the four carnegie museums .