carnegie museum of art | linkedin skip to main content linkedin articles people learning jobs games join now sign in carnegie museum of art museums, historical sites, and zoos pittsburgh, pa 5,499 followers we create experiences that connect people to art, ideas, and one another. follow view all 142 employees report this company about us we create experiences that connect people to art, ideas, and one another.  at carnegie museum of art, we believe creativity is a defining human characteristic to which everyone should have access. the museum collects, preserves, and presents artworks from around the world to inspire, sustain, and provoke discussion, and to engage and reflect multiple audiences.  carnegie museum of art is arguably the first museum of contemporary art in the united states, collecting the “old masters of tomorrow” since the inception of the carnegie international in 1896. today, the museum is one of the most dynamic major art institutions in america. our collection of more than 30,000 objects features a broad spectrum of visual arts, including painting and sculpture; prints and drawings; photographs; architectural casts, renderings, and models; decorative arts and design; and film, video, and digital imagery. through our programming, exhibitions, and publications, we frequently explore the role of art and artists in confronting key social issues of our time, combining and juxtaposing local and global perspectives. with our unique history and resources, we strive to become a leader in defining the role of art museums for the 21st century. website  external link for carnegie museum of art industry museums, historical sites, and zoos company size 51-200 employees headquarters pittsburgh, pa type nonprofit founded 1895 locations primary 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213, us get directions employees at carnegie museum of art kathy dax docent at carnegie museum of art & frick art museum marie-stephanie delamaire dutch macdonald global lead for design at bcg x | managing director & partner at bcg | digital & design leader | human-centered design | customer experience | tech… brian holly docent at the carnegie museum of art see all employees updates carnegie museum of art 5,499 followers 1w report this post "teenie is the man who has everything you need to understand about black history in this country, and more specifically, the city of pittsburgh." —charlene foggie-barnett, charles "teenie" harris community archivist  did you catch sheldon ingram 's latest segment on wtae hearst pittsburgh featuring the charles "teenie" harris archive?  check it out below to learn more about the legendary pittsburgh-based photojournalist with interviews from charlene foggie-barnett , the museum's charles "teenie" harris community archivist; delores slater and cecelia epperson, individuals photographed by harris; and rod doss, publisher and editor of the new pittsburgh courier.  you can watch the entire segment here:  33 like comment share carnegie museum of art 5,499 followers 3w report this post big news today from carnegie museum of natural history ! congratulations are in order as the museum has received the largest individual gift since andrew carnegie founded carnegie museums in 1895.   the kamin's transformative generosity will ensure generations of visitors will continue to enjoy a world class collection of dinosaurs. carnegie museum of natural history 4,591 followers 3w earlier today, michael greshko at the new york times announced a transformative $25 million gift to our museum from longtime carnegie museums patrons daniel g. and carole l. kamin. the largest individual gift to our museum since andrew carnegie founded carnegie museums in 1895, it serves as a catalyst to reimagine our iconic dinosaurs in their time exhibition  and surrounding galleries and establish an endowment to support the museum’s scientific mission for generations to come. we are deeply grateful to dan and carole for their longtime support and enduring trust in our museum.  21 like comment share carnegie museum of art 5,499 followers 3w edited report this post today, on unesco 's international day of women and girls in science, we’re spotlighting the work of ana alba , our associate conservator of paintings. go behind the scenes as ana works on restoring sir peter lely’s portrait of louise renee de penencoet de kerouaille, duchess of portsmouth before it returns to our galleries this summer.  conservation is a set of activities that aims to ensure that visitors today and tomorrow have equitable access to our collections. housed in a 2,000 square foot laboratory, the conservation team possesses specialized training in both art history and material sciences like chemistry, making them uniquely equipped to care for the diversity of artworks that comprise our collection.  if you want to learn more, about our conservation team, visit us online:  …more 42 like comment share carnegie museum of art 5,499 followers 1mo report this post join our team at carnegie museum of art! we’re hiring an exhibition designer to help bring world-class exhibitions to life!  in this dynamic role, you'll collaborate across departments to craft engaging and innovative exhibition spaces, utilizing your expertise in design, materials, and museum best practices. if you have a passion for storytelling through space, proficiency in cad and design programs, and a keen eye for detail, apply now and shape the future of museum experiences with us!  check out the complete job listing and apply online at:  #museumjobs #exhibitiondesign #hiring #pittsburgh — photo: bryan conley 20 1 comment like comment share carnegie museum of art 5,499 followers 1mo report this post “a testament to the strength of curation at the carnegie museum of art, a world-class institution that continually proves why it deserves that distinction.” — pittsburgh magazine now on view at the carnegie museum of art, gertrude abercrombie: the whole world is a mystery is “a perfect example of how to present a single-artist exhibition that will please experts and novices alike,” according to sean collier ’s review in pittsburgh magazine.  through thoughtful curation, exhibition design, and installation, the exhibition guides visitors through abercrombie’s career, “giving precisely the right amount of background, context, and additional material.”  curated by the museum’s henry j. heinz ii director, eric crosby , and colby college museum of art ’s sarah humphreville , with cynthia stucki , curatorial assistant at the carnegie museum of art, the exhibition presents a rare opportunity for museum visitors to appreciate—in significant depth—works spanning abercrombie’s career.  if you’re in pittsburgh, be sure to experience this remarkable exhibition, on view through june 1, 2025. you’ll find a new favorite artist at carnegie museum of art  23 1 comment like comment share carnegie museum of art 5,499 followers 1mo report this post in conjunction with our exhibition, gertrude abercrombie: the whole world is a mystery, we’re thrilled to announce the publication of the definitive scholarly volume on chicago artist gertrude abercrombie, who was a critical figure in the midcentury chicago art and jazz scenes.  alongside full color reproductions of paintings in the exhibition, you’ll find an essay by eric crosby , the museum’s henry j. heinz ii director, and a chronology of the artist’s life by cynthia stucki , carnegie museum of art curatorial assistant.  co-published by carnegie museum of art and colby college museum of art , gertrude abercrombie: the whole world is a mystery is a sumptuously produced retrospective on the beloved—and under-published—chicago-based surrealist gertrude abercrombie, the "queen of the bohemian artists.”  gertrude abercrombie: the whole world is a mystery is available at the carnegie museum of art store and online at  61 1 comment like comment share carnegie museum of art 5,499 followers 1mo report this post exciting news! please join us in welcoming mario rossero , the new director of the andy warhol museum and vice president of carnegie museums of pittsburgh !   as a lifelong artist and educator, rossero returns to his hometown of pittsburgh after serving as the executive director of the national art education association.    rossero’s new role at the andy warhol museum is not his first! from 1997 to 2004, he was an artist educator at the museum.  we’re looking forward to seeing all the new ways in which the museum will continue to engage and inspire through warhol’s life, art, and legacy.   — image courtesy of the andy warhol museum. 75 like comment share carnegie museum of art 5,499 followers 2mo report this post this week, we celebrated an incredible milestone: 50 years of our volunteer docent program!   over the past five decades, more than 285 docents have collectively contributed nearly 1 million volunteer hours, guiding almost 1 million visitors through our galleries and enriching their museum experience.   to mark this momentous occasion, the education and public programs team hosted a discussion featuring dr. vicky a. clark, former curator of education and associate curator of contemporary art; marilyn russell , former curator of education; and dana bishop-root , our current director of education and public programs.   the celebration continued in the hall of sculpture, where former and current docents, staff, and members of the women’s committee gathered to honor this cherished program and its legacy.   here’s to the next 50 years of inspiring, learning, connecting, and creativity! if you’re in pittsburgh, don't miss the chance to join a docent-led tour during your next visit—there’s no better way to experience the galleries. tours are offered at 1 p.m. every day the museum is open. 31 1 comment like comment share carnegie museum of art 5,499 followers 3mo edited report this post 🎄🏆 celebrating creativity and craftsmanship this holiday season!  a few weeks ago, rachel delphia , the museum’s alan g. and jane a. lehman curator of decorative arts and design, had the honor of presenting the curator’s choice award at the annual city of pittsburgh gingerbread display.  for the past two years, carnegie museum of art has proudly partnered with the city of pittsburgh on this cherished holiday tradition, bringing together individuals and organizations that enrich our region's vibrant cultural landscape.  this year, the curator’s choice award went to the speger family’s delightful creation, hickory dickory clock. as a curator of decorative arts and design, rachel was elated to spot a piece of antique furniture—a tall case clock—at the gingerbread competition, complete with impressive pediment and the moldings, and a hand-painted clock face.  if you’re in pittsburgh, don’t miss this incredible display! stop by the city-county building to see over 300 gingerbread creations crafted by local schools, families, professionals, and residents. 43 1 comment like comment share carnegie museum of art 5,499 followers 3mo report this post earlier today we welcomed elected officials and representatives from a variety of elected offices from across the region including southwest regional director, office of the governor, laura sohinki , representatives dan frankel, emily kinkead , rep. la'tasha d. mayes, msppm , lindsay powell, mpp , abigail salisbury , and arvind venkat , as well as representative-elect jeremy shaffer , mayor ed gainey, and councilman bobby wilson for a tour of our new charles “teenie” harris archive gallery with dana bishop-root and charlene foggie-barnett .   afterwards, dr. steve knapp, president of carnegie museums, eric crosby, henry j. heinz ii director of carnegie museum of art and vice president of carnegie museums, representative dan frankel, and mayor ed gainey testified to the importance of the arts and the immense treasure that is the harris archive.   additionally, we are honored to share that the office of governor josh shapiro has issued a proclamation recognizing the new gallery! we are deeply grateful for this incredible acknowledgement of harris, the community he so diligently documented, and the work that the museum continues to undertake to make this resource accessible to all.   — photo: darieus velti 52 like comment share join now to see what you are missing find people you know at carnegie museum of art browse recommended jobs for you view all updates, news, and articles join now similar pages carnegie museums of pittsburgh museums, historical sites, and zoos pittsburgh, pennsylvania carnegie museum of natural history museums, historical sites, and zoos pittsburgh, pennsylvania the andy warhol museum museums, historical sites, and zoos pittsburgh, pa pittsburgh cultural trust performing arts pittsburgh, pa phipps conservatory and botanical gardens museums, historical sites, and zoos pittsburgh, pennsylvania carnegie science center museums, historical sites, and zoos pittsburgh, pa pittsburgh zoo & aquarium museums, historical sites, and zoos pittsburgh, pa visitpittsburgh leisure, travel & tourism pittsburgh, pa pittsburgh downtown partnership civic and social organizations pittsburgh, pa pittsburgh parks conservancy non-profit organizations pittsburgh, pennsylvania show more similar pages show fewer similar pages browse jobs java architect jobs 12,031 open jobs assistant jobs 711,811 open jobs grants administrator jobs 33,954 open jobs archivist jobs 30,961 open jobs analyst jobs 694,057 open jobs intern jobs 71,196 open jobs project manager jobs 253,048 open jobs specialist jobs 768,666 open jobs copywriter jobs 17,206 open jobs writer jobs 26,384 open jobs communications specialist jobs 15,016 open jobs book seller jobs 60,947 open jobs community outreach manager jobs 4,680 open jobs assistant principal jobs 122,783 open jobs freelance copywriter jobs 2,370 open jobs adjunct professor jobs 8,133 open jobs dietitian jobs 13,753 open jobs director of learning and development jobs 5,806 open jobs professor of english jobs 298 open jobs training manager jobs 278,381 open jobs show more jobs like this show fewer jobs like this more searches more searches moderator jobs translator jobs project manager jobs freelance copywriter jobs professor of architecture jobs urban designer jobs landscape manager jobs landscape architect jobs professor jobs designer jobs grants writer jobs video editor jobs assistant jobs teaching assistant jobs animator jobs musician jobs photographer jobs marketing intern jobs assistant project manager jobs curriculum specialist jobs human resources specialist jobs aquatics supervisor jobs aquatics director jobs aquatics manager jobs swim instructor jobs music journalist jobs research assistant jobs researcher jobs social media manager jobs brand representative jobs merchandiser jobs teacher jobs coordinator jobs intern jobs french teacher jobs bartender jobs technician jobs account manager jobs product marketing specialist jobs administrative coordinator jobs writer jobs linkedin © 2025 about accessibility user agreement privacy policy your california privacy choices cookie policy copyright policy brand policy guest controls community guidelines العربية (arabic) বাংলা (bangla) čeština (czech) dansk (danish) deutsch (german) ελληνικά (greek) english (english) español (spanish) فارسی (persian) suomi (finnish) français (french) हिंदी (hindi) magyar (hungarian) bahasa indonesia (indonesian) italiano (italian) עברית (hebrew) 日本語 (japanese) 한국어 (korean) मराठी (marathi) bahasa malaysia (malay) nederlands (dutch) norsk (norwegian) ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (punjabi) polski (polish) português (portuguese) română (romanian) русский (russian) svenska (swedish) తెలుగు (telugu) ภาษาไทย (thai) tagalog (tagalog) türkçe (turkish) українська (ukrainian) tiếng việt (vietnamese) 简体中文 (chinese (simplified)) 正體中文 (chinese (traditional)) language agree & join linkedin by clicking continue to join or sign in, you agree to linkedin’s user agreement , privacy policy , and cookie policy . sign in to see who you already know at carnegie museum of art sign in welcome back email or phone password show forgot password? sign in or by clicking continue to join or sign in, you agree to linkedin’s user agreement , privacy policy , and cookie policy . new to linkedin? join now or new to linkedin? join now by clicking continue to join or sign in, you agree to linkedin’s user agreement , privacy policy , and cookie policy .