mission and history  – upmc, pittsburgh, pa, usa all of upmc news services patients, families and visitors health care professionals about upmc our services hospitals and facilities health library your visit video library upmc mercy upmc mercy about upmc mercy catholic health care amenities maps, directions & parking classes & events careers at upmc mercy mission & history volunteer our services classes & events womens health & prenatal classes professional education contact us upmc mercy’s values upmc mercy carries out its mission through a commitment to these core values: reverence for each person we believe that each person is a manifestation of the sacredness of human life. community we demonstrate our connectedness to each other through inclusive and compassionate relationships. justice we advocate for a society where all can realize their full potential and achieve the common good. commitment to those who are poor we give priority to those whom society ignores. stewardship we care for and strengthen the ministry and all resources entrusted to us. courage we dare to take the risks our faith demands of us. integrity we keep our word and are faithful to who we say we are. upmc mercy history the sisters of mercy, a religious congregation founded in ireland in 1831 by catherine mcauley, brought its caring and compassionate labors to burgeoning, industrial pittsburgh in 1843. mother frances warde led six other sisters to the united states, where they founded the first congregation of the sisters of mercy in pittsburgh. the pioneering “seven sisters” of mercy opened the first hospital in pittsburgh and the world’s first mercy hospital on jan. 1, 1847. everyone was welcomed regardless of race, nationality, age, gender, or religion. mercy established the region’s first teaching hospital with resident physicians in training in 1848. mercy hospital grew rapidly with pittsburgh in the second half of the nineteenth century. to qualify for new funding sources, the hospital was incorporated, a board was established, and thomas m. carnegie was elected board president. the sisters of mercy and the dedicated physicians and nurses of mercy hospital continued to serve the pittsburgh region through world war i, the worldwide epidemic of spanish influenza, the great depression, and world war ii. in 1931, mercy hospital donated more than $600,000 worth of health care services when one day in the hospital cost under $4. that commitment to the community was demonstrated again when, in the 1960s, mercy decided to rebuild and remain in uptown pittsburgh. over the next four decades, the hospital expanded, replaced facilities, and developed specialized programs and advanced technology. in 2006, mercy hospital decided to seek a strategic partner to strengthen and preserve its faith-based care. mercy hospital of pittsburgh merged with upmc to become upmc mercy on jan. 1, 2008. the hospital remains pittsburgh’s only catholic hospital with specialized services, including include the neurosciences, level i trauma and burn services, women’s health, orthopaedics, and physical medicine and rehabilitation. mercy firsts: 1847 – first permanent hospital in pittsburgh; first mercy hospital in the world 1933 – first bronchoscopy clinic in western pennsylvania 1954 – first high voltage radiation therapy center in western pennsylvania; first hospital in region, and among first in the united states, to treat cancer patients with cobalt-60 1955 – first hospital in region, and second in the united states, to use cinefluorographic movies as a diagnostic procedure 1967 – first burn unit in pennsylvania 1972 – sister ferdinand clark, the first woman to win the jaycee “man of the year in medicine” 1973 – first nuclear-powered heart pacemaker implant in pennsylvania; first in region to use ultrasound in tumor and aneurysm detection 1978 – sister m. gonzales duffy is the first female president of the american society of hospital pharmacists 1991 – first intravascular ultrasound in pittsburgh 1992 – first atherectomy procedure in pittsburgh 1993 – first cardiac stent in pittsburgh 1996 – first minimally invasive “keyhole” procedure to replace aortic valve in pittsburgh find find a doctor request an appointment find hospitals and facilities pay my bills upmc healthtrak get my medical records explore our clinical services video library career opportunities news & media international and commercial services upmc health plan connect facebook youtube share this discover healthtrak upmc healthtrak is a convenient way to manage your health using the internet. sign up or log-in now > contact upmc website/e-mail terms of use medical advice disclaimer privacy information privacy and breach alerts © upmc | affiliated with the university of pittsburgh schools of the health sciences supplemental content provided by ebsco publishing .  all rights reserved. share this page email twitter digg print myspace stumbleupon facebook reddit delicious