privacy policy - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us privacy policy our commitment to you by allowing carnegie museums of pittsburgh to collect your information, you permit us to inform you of exciting new exhibitions, programs, membership offers, and opportunities to support the museums and our services. carnegie museums of pittsburgh respects your privacy and implements reasonable measures to protect the information we collect from you. our privacy practices allow our donors, members, online program participants, and visitors to manage the personal information we collect from them in certain circumstances. please take time to review our privacy policy, below, to understand how you might be affected by our privacy practices, and make an informed decision as to what type of information you are willing to provide. if you have questions or comments about the privacy of the information you provide or that we collect in other ways, contact carnegie museums of pittsburgh. email: membership@carnegiemuseums.org mail: carnegie museums of pittsburgh 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa  15213 attention: membership carnegie museums of pittsburgh online privacy policy last updated january 3, 2022 carnegie museums of pittsburgh (“carnegie museums” or “us” or “we” or “our”) own and operate a number of web sites and mobile applications including but not limited to the carnegiemuseums.org, cmoa.org, carnegiesciencecenter.org, carnegiemnh.org, and warhol.org web sites (the “sites”). this privacy policy (“policy”) applies to information collected by carnegie museums through the sites, through any other online location where this policy is published, and through our other interactions with you, including but not limited to, via mail, telephone, email, online transactions, online programming and onsite visits at our museums or to carnegie museums programs, exhibits or events at other locations (collectively with the sites, the “services”). this policy only applies to information that you provide or we collect from you through the services identified above. other web sites, mobile applications, and online services, including any third-party services you use to interact with carnegie museums, may have their own privacy policies and you should consult those policies accordingly. policy changes carnegie museums reserves the right to change this policy at any time. since this policy may change as we modify or expand our services, we suggest you check back from time to time in order to understand how we currently handle your information. our policy’s effective date will always be set forth at the beginning and end of the policy. any changes will be immediately incorporated into this policy. any change to this policy is effective immediately. your continued use of the services after any changes are made to this policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes. if any changes are unacceptable to you, you are no longer authorized to use the services and should cease all such use. the information we collect personally identifiable information (“personal information”) is generally defined as information that, by itself or in combination with other information, is reasonably capable of being linked to a specific individual. depending on how you interact with carnegie museums, there are certain aspects of the services where we will only collect personal information which you knowingly and voluntarily provide, and other aspects of the services provided through the sites where we may automatically collect data from you, including your internet protocol address (ip address), cookies, and other online identifiers that may include portions of personal information through the use of tracking technology (see the “information collected automatically” section, below). for example, personal information you voluntarily provide to the carnegie museums may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, email address, username and password, age/birthdate, credit/debit card number or other payment information, photograph, image, voice, likeness or other identifiable characteristics, office address and other business or organizational information, or any other type of data that, directly or indirectly, is reasonably capable of being associated with someone. you may be asked to provide such personal information to carnegie museums when you: complete and submit forms to become a member of carnegie museums; send emails or other communications to carnegie museums; register for events, camps, classes or other programs; purchase tickets for admission, events or programs; provide permission forms for events, camps, classes or other programs; rent space at the museums; sign up to receive emails or other communications from carnegie museums; contact carnegie museums with questions, comments, or other messages; participate in online programming or other online events; donate or provide gifts to carnegie museums; respond to surveys; or otherwise provide any information to us voluntarily through the services. carnegie museums generally will not ask you to provide any sensitive data, such as your religious beliefs, citizenship status, sexual orientation, or your race or ethnicity, but you may be able to voluntarily provide such sensitive data in content that you upload, post or otherwise provide on or through the services. to the extent you voluntarily make any sensitive data available through the services, you hereby acknowledge and agree that such data may be processed by carnegie museums as necessary to provide the services in accordance with your instructions. information collected automatically there are areas of the sites where carnegie museums or our service providers may automatically collect certain data as you use the sites and navigate elsewhere online, such as your ip address and other data about your internet connection, your operating system, browser type, and other services or equipment you use to access the sites, and usage data about your interaction with our sites. this automatically collected data generally does not identify any specific individual, but to the extent such data is reasonably capable of identifying you or another person, we will treat such data as personal information. this automatically collected information may include data on how you use our sites, what pages you have visited, or any errors that occurred while you were visiting our sites. this information may be used by carnegie museums to help us in developing content and improving our sites to create the best experience for our visitors. the technology used to automatically collect this information may utilize cookies, which are small files sent to your browser by our sites when you visit. cookies can be used to track usage patterns, trends and visitor behavior, as well as to record other information regarding your visit. these cookies may allow us to share information with our trusted advertising partners which enables us to present you with retargeted advertising on third-party web sites and/or social media platforms based on your previous interactions with our sites. most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can change the preference on your browser to reject them. doing so however, may affect your ability to use certain features of our sites. we may also use third-party analytics providers which could automatically collect certain personal information and other data about you through the sites including, but not limited to, your ip address and/or other online identifiers. third-party cookies or other tracking technology may be used through this process to track data such as the times you most frequently use the sites, what devices you use to access the services, what parts of the services you visit and the links you use to get there. these data and analytics service providers may use such information to track how you use the services, measure the performance of the services, improve features on the services, and provide carnegie museums with tools that satisfy overall operating needs for the services. carnegie museums may then use feedback from these service providers to improve the services and our interactions with you. all of the above-referenced ip addresses and other data will be collected in an automated manner and we may maintain that information or associate it with certain other data, which may include personal information you provide voluntarily through the services. this helps us improve our services, deliver better and more personalized services, estimate our audience size and usage patterns, and store information about your preferences. how we use your information carnegie museums may use your personal information and other data to appropriately respond to your requests and to provide a variety of services. personal information regarding your interests will allow us to provide materials to meet your specific needs. museum personnel may, for example, use the personal information to customize offers, target communications through mail and email, and to present you with retargeted advertising on third-party web sites and/or social media platforms.  more specifically, carnegie museums may use your personal information and other data to: deliver exhibits, programs and content on or through the services; administer registrations for events and provide virtual learning programs and other services; request and process donations and other gifts you provide to carnegie museums; maintain proper records consistent with applicable law; respond to your questions, comments or other messages; keep you up to date on events and programs happening at carnegie museums’ locations; send you communications about our services; invite you to events; provide ongoing technical support related to the services; improve the content on the sites and the general administration of the services; perform internal operations related to the sites (e.g., spam and fraud prevention); troubleshoot software issues and operational problems with the sites; conduct data analysis and testing; monitor usage of the services; and/or otherwise advance carnegie museums’ services, offerings, or mission. carnegie museums or its designees may, from time to time, compile statistics on visitors to our museums and sites and/or work with others compiling statistics or performing other quantitative analysis. in these situations, data that carnegie museums has related to your interactions with the services may be used to aggregate statistical information to analyze visitor interest or other aspects of non-profit organization-related activities. the information aggregated will not include any personal information as it relates to a single visitor. sharing information carnegie museums may share certain portions of personal information with vendors that help provide certain services on behalf of carnegie museums in order to make the services function properly. this may include sharing certain kinds of personal information, including without limitation, your credit card, debit card or other payment information, and/or your voice, likeness and any other personal information you make available in connection with carnegie museums’ virtual learning programs or other services with: payment processors to administer donations and other payments you submit through the services; video conference service providers that assist us in providing our virtual learning programs and other services; and/or third-party personnel such as experts, judges, presenters and other individuals who help provide certain services in connection with carnegie museums’ events and programs. under certain circumstances, we may trade or exchange contact information such as your mailing and email addresses among other personal information you provide during registration processes online, over the phone, or in-person at our museum locations, with reputable third-party museums and other cultural organizations that are not related to carnegie museums. if you do not want your information to be provided to such third-party organizations in connection with this activity, please contact us at membership@carnegiemuseums.org or call us at 412.622.3314. you also can review the “your choices” section, below, for other details on how you may be able to request changes regarding carnegie museums’ handling of personal information it maintains about you. as stated above, carnegie museums may use video conference service providers when providing virtual learning programs or other online events. when registering for such online services, please review any information made available about the video conference service provider for the applicable program or event, including that provider’s privacy policy, for more details about how that provider may handle the personal information or other data it collects from you. other third parties, such as social media platforms and other providers of services that rely on user generated content may be able to collect certain data that could include your personal information over time and across different online services when you interact with the sites and other online services. if at any time it becomes reasonably necessary, we will release the personal information and other data carnegie museums maintains about you if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law or in cooperation with a government or law enforcement investigation, to comply with a court order, or to protect the rights, property or safety of carnegie museums, its personnel, the users of its services, or others. personal information received or held by carnegie museums may be transferred if our ownership status changes. under such circumstances, carnegie museums will make reasonable efforts to cause any successor to agree to abide by the terms of this policy. we also may disclose your personal information to other service providers to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts related to your use of the services, or as otherwise described to you at or before the point when we collect your personal information. as a donor, member, and visitor of the carnegie museums, as a user of the sites or our other services, and by providing to or otherwise allowing carnegie museums to collect the personal information and other data referenced above, you agree, without limitation or qualification, that carnegie museums may process such personal information and other data in accordance with the terms of this policy, as it may be amended from time to time. again, please check back periodically for changes to this policy. your choices depending on where you are and how you use our services such as, for example, if you participate in our membership program, you may be able to ask questions or make certain choices with respect to personal information you provided to carnegie museums, or that carnegie museums may have collected about you. for example, in some situations you may be able to request (subject to applicable legal exceptions): confirmation of whether carnegie museums has collected and is processing your personal information; correction of any inaccuracies about your personal information, depending on what kind of personal information it is and the purposes for which carnegie museums is processing that data; deletion of personal information you provided to carnegie museums or that we have otherwise collected about you; and that carnegie museums stop processing your personal information for certain purposes other than what is necessary to provide the services or as required by applicable law. in addition, depending on where you are when you use our services, you may submit requests regarding personal information you provided to carnegie museums, or that carnegie museums may have collected about you, such as requests to: restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances, such as in the event you contest the accuracy of the information; access the personal information we hold about you; and object to or withdraw any consent, in certain circumstances, for marketing activities that involve the use of your personal information (this may result in deletion of the personal information). if at any time you would like to request the ability to edit or delete any personal information carnegie museums may have about you, opt-out of receiving further information from carnegie museums, limit what we share, or if you otherwise wish to ask carnegie museums to cease using your personal information in the manners specified in this policy (subject to any applicable legal exceptions), please call the membership office at 412.622.3314 or send us an email using the address membership@carnegiemuseums.org. carnegie museums is required to try to verify the identity of any person or entity that requests the disclosure or deletion of personal information. if you have a password-protected account with us, we will use our existing authentication procedures to verify your identity. for most other requests, carnegie museums will ask you to provide information that matches at least two pieces of personal information we store about you before responding to your request. if more information is needed to verify your identity in certain situations, carnegie museums may deny your request or ask for more details as necessary to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure and deletion. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us, nor does it guarantee that we will be able to process your request. we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. the carnegie museums reserve the right to refuse any request made regarding your personal information if we are unable to process the request for any reason, such as if we are unable to verify the identity of the person making the request or if we cannot authenticate the legitimacy of the request using reasonable efforts. carnegie museums is under no obligation or duty to verify the legitimacy of any request regarding personal information. any removal of content by carnegie museums does not ensure or guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of the content in all places. the content may have been shared or reposted by other parties, or federal or state law may require maintenance of the content or information. carnegie museums will do our best to accommodate your request, but we cannot guarantee we can remove all personal information from the specified uses. therefore, please be as specific as possible in your request. if the request relates to information carnegie museums needs to make the services function properly for you, you may not be able to use the services properly moving forward. carnegie museums reserve the right to maintain proper records as required by law, or for otherwise legitimate purposes to the extent permitted by law, even if such records contain your personal information. if you would like to opt-out of receiving promotional emails from the carnegie museums, please follow the opt-out instructions at the bottom of the email or send us a detailed email at membership@carnegiemuseums.org . some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell web sites you do not want to have your online activities tracked. the sites are not currently configured to respond to “do not track” or similar automated privacy controls. to learn more about ways to possibly opt-out of certain kinds of tracking that occur when you browse the internet generally and may lead to targeted advertising, visit the network advertising initiative web site and the digital advertising alliance web site . options you select are browser- and device-specific, and there is no guarantee that these industry-provided opt-out tools will prevent all targeted advertising. as noted previously in this policy, it is possible that certain third parties may receive information through the services. since some of these third parties may respond differently than carnegie museums to “do not track” requests, you should consult the applicable privacy policies of those third parties for that information. information security to protect your personal information, carnegie museums uses appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information and other data stored on or through our services. personal information provided to or collected by carnegie museums is transmitted using ssl (secure socket layer) encryption. ssl is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. we also protect account information and other data that could include your personal information by placing it on a secure portion of our sites that are only accessible by certain qualified employees of carnegie museums. unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure. while we strive to protect your information as much as possible, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of that information. the transmitted information may be intercepted by others before it reaches carnegie museums, for example. therefore, you should exercise discretion in what information you disclose and/or transmit through the sites. if you are concerned about sending information to carnegie museums online, please send the information by mail or call us to make other arrangements. carnegie museums is not responsible for the security of information transmitted online. carnegie museums retains collected information for as long as needed to fulfill the stated purpose for which the personal information was collected or otherwise processed, and thereafter for a variety of legitimate purposes in support of carnegie museums and our services. carnegie museums also will retain collected information connected to organizational records for periods of time required or permitted by law. these may include retention periods that are: (1) mandated by law, contract or similar obligations that apply to carnegie museums’ operations; (2) for preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual rights; or (3) needed to maintain adequate and accurate organizational records.  if carnegie museums determines that information is no longer needed and no legal obligation to retain such data exists, it will delete such information. our record-keeping times will be consistent with applicable law. if you have any questions about the security or retention of your personal information, please contact us. children’s information carnegie museums may collect certain personal information from teenagers who are between 13-18 years old and qualify to receive free access to the carnegie museums and our services through our teen membership program. we will use this personal information to introduce teens who enroll in the program to our museum locations and services, to organize events and tours related to the teen membership program, to provide transportation to such events and tours, and to partner with community-based organizations that serve teens. the sites are not directed at, marketed to, nor intended for, individuals under 13 years of age. no one under the age of 13 is authorized to use the sites, and minors younger than 13 are not permitted to provide any information on or through the sites without the verified consent of any such minor’s parent(s) or legal guardian(s). if you are under 13 years of age, do not: use or provide any information on or through the sites; use any of the sites’ features; use any interactive or public commenting feature on the sites or through other online services; and/or provide any information about yourself to carnegie museums. carnegie museums does not and will not knowingly collect or request any information, including personal information, from any person under 18 years of age without the consent of the minor’s parent(s) or legal guardian(s). if carnegie museums learns that we have received personal information from any person under 18 years of age without the appropriate consent of the minor’s parent(s) or guardian(s), carnegie museums will delete that information. if you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 18, and would like to enroll your child in carnegie museums’ virtual learning programs or other online services, believe your child may have used or uploaded or posted information through the sites inadvertently or without authorization, and such information is publicly available, or if you believe carnegie museums might otherwise have information from or about any person under 13 years of age, please contact us immediately at membership@carnegiemuseums.org . international use and transfers if you are outside of the united states, you are responsible for complying with any local laws regarding your use of the services, and any related data collection. you also agree and acknowledge that by providing any data through the services, including personal information, that such information may be transmitted to, and stored in, the united states. if you are in the european economic area (the “eea,” which includes the 27 european union member states, iceland, norway and liechtenstein), switzerland or the united kingdom (collectively, the “eu”) when you use our services,  or if you use our services from other regions with laws governing the collection, use and transfer of personal information across international borders, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the united states and processing globally. by providing your information, you hereby agree to permit any transfer and processing by carnegie museums in accordance with this policy. if you are located in the eu, then with the exception of uses for which we have obtained your consent, your personal information is processed to perform our obligations under a contract with you or another organization on behalf of which we are providing services, or where the processing is in support of our legitimate interests as described in this policy and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms under any data protection laws and regulations that may be applicable. under the general data protection regulation (“gdpr”), individuals in the eu also may have the right to lodge a complaint about carnegie museums’ processing of your personal information with a supervisory authority. in particular, such individuals may lodge a complaint in the eu member state where they live or work or where the alleged violation took place. your personal information may be disclosed to and processed by staff operating in the united states. disclosure will be to individuals who work for carnegie museums and organizations with which we have contracted to process or store this data on carnegie museums’ behalf. the entities that receive personal information as a result of international transfers are required to follow our instructions with respect to the use of personal information and comply with appropriate security measures to protect your information. external links the services may contain links to external web sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements or sponsor information, which are not controlled by carnegie museums. we are not responsible for the privacy practices and data collection policies for such third-party services. you should consult the privacy policies of those third-party services for details. carnegie museums may also allow interaction between our services and other third-party services online, including social media providers. this interaction may include plugins that allow you to share information with persons outside of the services. please consult the privacy policies of such third-party providers before using them to make sure you are comfortable with the level of sharing. contact information if you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact the carnegie museums at: email: membership@carnegiemuseums.org call: 412.622.3314 mail: carnegie museums of pittsburgh 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa  15213 attention: membership if you believe there has been some violation of this policy, please contact us. carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate