groups of 10 or more skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website groups of 10 or more book online group visits are great for those who prefer a customized experience. please tell us if you have children in your group. admission to both carnegie museum of art and carnegie museum of natural history are included. group visit pricing for groups of children ages 3-18, please visit our field trip page ! program type adults adults (65+) college students 60-minute guided tour (includes general admission) $15 $11 $10 discounted group admission $15 $11 $10.50 costs listed above are applicable for groups of 10 or more. cost includes one-day general admission to the museums. one complimentary admission is provided for groups of 10–20 people, and two complimentary admissions are provided for groups of 21+ people. personal care aides are admitted free. members are free with proof of membership for unguided groups only. check out our frequently asked questions for more details about booking, parking, lunchrooms, and more! book a group tour to receive group pricing, you must have a group of ten or more and your visit must be scheduled at least four weeks in advance through the group visits office. smaller groups pay a ten person minimum. member discounts do not apply to guided tours. changes in attendance must be made at least one week in advance for groups to receive a refund. full payment is due one week prior to visit. request a visit using our online form. large groups may need to be divided to navigate gallery or exhibition areas. charterup offers private group transportation to and from carnegie museum of natural history. travel to the museum in a private charter bus or minibus rental , and spend the day exploring exhibitions with your group. national charter bus also provides shuttles for school and tour groups in the pittsburgh area. 60-minute guided tours animals, plants, and ecosystems explore diverse habitats in the museum’s historic dioramas and wildlife halls. examine the relationships between animals, plants, climate, and weather as you compare and contrast how organisms adapt in grassland, arctic, forest, and desert environments. cultures analyze artifacts and specimens from cultures of indigenous peoples of north america. discover how cultures and traditions are uniquely shaped by resources, environments, and geographic locations. world of dinosaurs travel through the mesozoic era in the core exhibition dinosaurs in their time, featuring real fossils and scientifically accurate reconstructions of ancient habitats. learn how animals, climate, and ecosystems change over time, and what fossils reveal about dinosaurs, plants, and other prehistoric creatures rocks, minerals, and gems discover how rocks and minerals reveal the history of earth while exploring the museum’s artfully displayed collections. learn about geologic processes like fossilization and the rock cycle, and discuss the formation of natural resources from fossil fuels to building stones to decorative gems. natural history highlights join natural history interpreters for an engaging exploration of the most treasured fossils, artifacts, and specimens in the museum’s exhibitions. hear stories about the history, collections, and research that make carnegie museum of natural history unique. this tour can span multiple galleries on all three floors and can be customized per the group’s needs and interests, from fascinating fossils to intricate minerals to compelling dioramas. book a group tour sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility