visitor information skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website visitor information hours sunday 10:00 am – 5:00 pm monday 10:00 am – 5:00 pm tuesday closed wednesday 10:00 am – 5:00 pm thursday 10:00 am – 8:00 pm friday 10:00 am – 5:00 pm saturday 10:00 am – 5:00 pm tickets we share our historic building with carnegie museum of art , and your ticket includes access to both museums. get into the galleries faster— buy your tickets online now ! visit after 3 p.m. on weekdays, and admission is discounted at $12. directions and parking directions carnegie museum of natural history is located in the oakland neighborhood of pittsburgh. the museum is within walking distance of carnegie mellon university, the university of pittsburgh, upmc, and magee women’s hospital. the museum has a multi-level parking garage with accessible parking spaces and bike racks. the entrance to the parking garage is located on the corner of forbes avenue and south craig street. carnegie museum of natural history 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 parking our parking garage is located just behind the museum. parking rates are dependent on the duration of your visit. 30–60 minutes $5 1–3 hours $10 3–5 hours $15 5–6 hours $20 6–7 hours $25 7–8 hours $30 vehicles parked for 8+ hours will be charged $30 plus additional hourly rates. designated accessible spaces are available in the parking garage for visitors with disabilities. the clearance is six feet, eight inches (6′ 8″). alternate arrangements can be made in advance for visitors with disabilities traveling in oversized vehicles. please call visitor services at 412.622.3131 , 9 a.m.–5 p.m., monday through friday. hours, holidays, closures, and special dates hours friday–wednesday: 10 a.m.–5 p.m. thursday: 10 a.m.–8 p.m. open seven days a week from memorial day through labor day. closed tuesday from labor day through memorial day. closed for easter, thanksgiving, christmas, and new year’s day. discounts and offers rad (allegheny regional asset district) the rad pass provides allegheny county library card holders ages 18 and up with access to free or discounted passes to cultural attractions in our region with a library card from any allegheny county library. learn more about the rad pass on rad’s website . aaa members present your aaa membership card to receive $1 off admission for up to six people at carnegie museums of art and natural history. active us military active us military personnel receive 50% off admission to carnegie museums of art and natural history. offer extends to up to five family members per military id. as part of the blue star museums program , active us military personnel and their families receive free admission to carnegie museums of art and natural history from armed forces day (the third saturday of may) through labor day. after 3 p.m. discount on weekdays enjoy $12 admission after 3 p.m. on weekdays. use promotional code after3 during your checkout. us veterans us veterans receive 50% off admission to carnegie museums of art and natural history (one per id). veterans and up to three guests receive 50% off admission on veterans day. bank of america customers and employees on the first consecutive saturday and sunday of each month, customers and employees of bank of america receive one free admission at carnegie museums of art and natural history. simply present your valid bank of america credit card, debit card, or proof of employment along with a photo id. learn more about the museums on us program . select colleges and universities university of pittsburgh, carnegie mellon university, point park university, chatham university, and carlow university students can visit carnegie museums of art and natural history for free with a valid student id. duquesne university students from the bayer school of natural and environmental sciences or honors college visit the museums for free with a valid student id. please note the university of pittsburgh free admission offer is only valid during fall and spring semesters. students who do not attend the schools listed here receive a discounted admission of $15.00 with a valid student id. connect rewards present your port authority connect card to receive $1 off admission at carnegie museums of art and natural history. merrill lynch customers and employees on the first consecutive saturday and sunday of each month, customers and employees of merrill lynch receive one free admission at carnegie museums of art and natural history. simply present your merrill lynch credit card, debit card, or proof of employment along with a photo id. electronic benefit transfer card present your electronic benefit transfer card (ebt card) from any state (pennsylvania access card, ohio direction card, west virginia mountain state card, etc.) and receive general admission for up to four people at $1 each at carnegie museums of art and natural history. simply present your ebt card along with a matching photo id. this program is supported by bny mellon. teacher appreciation program teachers in grades kindergarten through 12 can sign up for our appreciation program and receive free admission to all of the carnegie museums of pittsburgh (carnegie museums of art and natural history, carnegie science center, and the andy warhol museum) free of charge for an entire year! personal care attendants (pca) personal care attendants (pca) who are accompanying visitors with disabilities are eligible to receive free admission to the museum. if you are a pca, please identify yourself as a pca while purchasing tickets onsite to receive free admission. visitors with a pca wishing to purchase tickets before their visit can call +1 412.622.3131 . group visits groups of ten or more people receive discounted admission. all group visits should be booked in advance. tour topics are available for your group. for more educational programming, field trips are available. charterup offers private group transportation to and from carnegie museum of natural history. travel to the museum in a private charter bus or minibus rental , and spend the day exploring exhibitions with your group. national charter bus also provides shuttles for school and tour groups in the pittsburgh area visitor policies in and around the exhibits please help us maintain a safe environment for museum visitors and staff. for more information, please read our full visitor policy page . please see below guidelines, and enjoy your visit! please avoid touching or leaning on objects or display cases, unless indicated otherwise. remember to stay at least two feet away from all objects. we kindly ask that you do not bring food or drinks into the exhibitions. our security officers may inspect bags, boxes, or packages upon entry and exit to ensure everyone’s safety. for the safety of everyone, we do not allow weapons, firearms, or hazardous materials on museum property. to protect our artworks and specimens, please check in umbrellas, briefcases, backpacks, and bags larger than 14x17x8 inches in our lockers. please do not carry anything on your back, including backpacks, drawstring bags, and purses. if you have little ones with you, children under 12 must be accompanied by an adult. we kindly ask that children under 12 do not push strollers or wheelchairs. for the safety of our visitors and the objects and specimens, children may not be carried on shoulders or held over objects and displays. have a great time exploring the museum, but please walk instead of run, and avoid pushing or shoving. lastly, please remember that smoking, including vapor devices, is not allowed inside the museum or within five feet of the entrance due to city ordinances. thank you for helping us maintain a safe and enjoyable environment! if you have oversized items, feel free to leave them in the coat room! please keep in mind that we are not responsible for the security of these items. also, please note that all items are subject to inspection and the museum reserves the right to decide what should be checked. accessibility parking accessible parking spaces are available in our parking garage entered at the corner of forbes avenue and south craig street. wheelchair availability and accessibility the museum is wheelchair accessible. power assist doors are located at the museum’s main entrances at the front of the building on forbes avenue, at the rear of the building via the parking garage, and at the portal entry. standard, manual wheelchairs are available free of charge at the museum coat rooms on first-come, first-served basis. we also welcome your personal manual or motorized wheelchairs, walkers, or scooters. the museum’s dining areas, gift shops, and restrooms are wheelchair accessible. strollers we encourage the use of strollers throughout our building. we provide strollers, or you’re welcome to bring your own. breastfeeding friendly area the breastfeeding area is private and conveniently located near  discovery basecamp. it is marked by a sign that says “baby-friendly privacy area.” it has two areas with comfortable chairs and pillows as well as a bean bag chair for older siblings. parents don’t have to stray far from the kid-friendly exhibition to nurse comfortably, creating a more convenient museum experience for families with small children. restrooms accessible restrooms are indicated by signs and located on all floors. please ask a visitor services representative if you need help finding one. service animals service animals such as guide dogs are permitted to assist museum visitors. lockers coat rooms are available at the entrance rear entrance near the parking garage and on the lower level of the grand staircase. paid lockers are also available on the lower level of the grand staircase. wi-fi we offer free wireless access at the museum. during your visit, we encourage you to switch to wi-fi (dqe – carnegie museums wifi) for faster download speeds. complimentary wi-fi is provided by dqe communications. dining carnegie museums of art and natural history building has two dining facilities and an outdoor seating area, so guests are welcome to enjoy our cafes or bring their own lunch to enjoy in the sculpture garden or in the cafeteria. no food or drink is permitted in the exhibition halls. café carnegie the café carnegie is on the first floor and has both a coffee bar and a restaurant area. the menu is changed seasonally. fossil fuels fossil fuels is in the basement with a grab-and-go counter where you can purchase snacks or sandwiches, salads and soup. sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility