dining at the museum skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website dining at the museum photo: sean eaton carnegie museum’s oakland campus has two dining facilities and an outdoor seating area, so guests are welcome to enjoy our cafes or bring their own lunch to enjoy in the sculpture garden or in the cafeteria. no food or drink is permitted in the exhibition halls. café carnegie first floor front, near fountain entry. the café carnegie brings approachable cooking using responsibly-sourced ingredients to pittsburgh’s favorite museums. the newly transformed space features a comfortable full-service dining area and a walk-up espresso and wine bar to enjoy while at the museum. hours: coffee bar day of week opening time closing time sunday 9 a.m. 5 p.m. monday 9 a.m. 5 p.m. tuesday closed closed wednesday 9 a.m. 5 p.m. thursday 9 a.m. 8 p.m. friday 9 a.m. 5 p.m. saturday 9 a.m. 5 p.m. dining room day of week opening time closing time sunday 11 a.m. 3 p.m. monday 11 a.m. 3 p.m. tuesday closed closed wednesday 11 a.m. 3 p.m. thursday 11 a.m. 5 p.m. 3 p.m. 8 p.m. friday 11 a.m. 3 p.m. saturday 11 a.m. 3 p.m. fossil fuels lower level rear, near natural history elevator/stairs. grab-and-go counter where you can purchase snacks or enjoy a limited menu featuring sandwiches, salads, soup, chili, or a cup of joe with house-made pastries. hours: day of week opening time closing time sunday 10 a.m. 4 p.m. monday 8 a.m. 4 p.m. wednesday 8 a.m. 4 p.m. thursday 8 a.m. 4 p.m. friday 8 a.m. 4 p.m. saturday 10 a.m. 4 p.m. sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility