birthday parties & celebrations skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website birthday parties & celebrations get ready for one of the coolest parties pittsburgh has to offer! let’s party! whatever you are celebrating, carnegie museum of natural history is here to make your day special. perfect for birthdays, celebrations, family get-togethers, team bonding events, and more! bring your own snacks or order pizza and cake from our onsite catering provider. parties include use of the party room for 90 minutes. same day museum admission for up to 25 guests. gift (valued at $20) for the guest of honor. paper products including plates, napkins, cups, cutlery, and bluetooth speaker cake cutting utensils and candles/lighter, if needed. a friendly museum educator to support your experience. party cost non-members $400 members $360 $50 nonrefundable deposit due at the time of reservation customize your experience enhance your party package with add-ons. additional guests ($15 per person) up to 10 additional guests can be accommodated. culinaire catering food orders must be placed three weeks prior to your party. frequently asked questions when can i set up and how much time do i have to clean up? the party room will open 15 minutes prior to your party start time so that you can set up. all belongings must be removed from the party room 15 minutes after the party ends. we will provide a rolling bin and rolling cart to make transporting your supplies easy. can i bring my own decorations? you are welcome to bring your own decorations. for the safety of our collections and animal ambassadors, balloons, confetti, and glitter are prohibited. table-top and free-standing decorations work best. magnets can be used to hang wall decorations from whiteboards on the walls. taping, stapling or hanging décor from the walls or ceiling is prohibited. caterin g menu party guests are welcome to bring their own cake and snacks or can choose from carnegie museum’s culinaire catering options. all food orders must be placed three weeks prior to event. order minimum is $75. a sales tax of 7% and a 21% service charge are additional costs please indicate if anyone in your group has food allergies or dietary restrictions when you place your order. whole pizzas cheese or pepperoni cut into 10 slices $18.00 each salads ceasar, garden, or chef salads $5.00 per person chicken tenders honey mustard and ketchup $7.00 per person mac n’ cheese creamy three cheese sauce $5.00 per person fresh fruit $5.00 per person vegetable crudité ranch dressing $5.00 per person drinks lemonade pitcher: $4.00 per person pitchers of soda (pepsi, diet pepsi, starry): $4.00 per person bottled water: $2.00 each milk cartons (2% or chocolate): $1.00 each desserts & cake iced sugar cookies (assorted dinosaur designs): $2.50 each cakes cakes are decorated with “happy birthday” batter flavors: white vanilla, yellow vanilla, chocolate buttercream flavors: vanilla, chocolate, white chocolate, almond, raspberry, strawberry 10″ round cake serves 12-15 $30.00 1/4 sheet cake serves 15 $30.00 book your party all bookings must be made 4 weeks in advance. for children’s parties, an adult must be present with each participating child. book your museum party! questions about parties? email us! prefer to call? call us at 412-578-2507 carnegie museum of natural history welcomes all visitors. we work to assist visitors with disabilities in obtaining reasonable and appropriate accommodations, and in supporting equal access to services, programs, and activities. sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility