powdermill nature reserve skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website powdermill nature reserve visit powdermill powdermill field trips powdermill summer camps powdermill staff research at powdermill virtual garden timeline about powdermill powdermill nature reserve is carnegie museum of natural history’s environmental research center. located 55 miles southeast of pittsburgh in rector, pennsylvania, powdermill is a field station and laboratory where researchers do long-term studies of natural populations in western pennsylvania. in addition to being positioned for appalachian-specific studies in ornithology, ecology, invertebrate zoology, and botany, powdermill is a great place to spend a fun-filled day outdoors with the family. explore the beautiful woodlands around powdermill, or visit the nature center, which features exhibits that highlight local wildlife, an indoor stream, and a marsh machine that uses a living greenhouse to purify waste water. admission to powdermill nature reserve is free. nature center hours winter hours (thanksgiving – march 31) friday–saturday: 11:00 a.m.–3:00 p.m. monday–thursday by appointment only closed sunday location gps coordinates +40.160    -79.272 address powdermill nature reserve 1795 route 381 rector, pa 15677 phone 724.593.6105 hiking & trails trails are open dawn to dusk. bicycles are not allowed on any trails. hiking trail map events at powdermill woodcock walk march 28, 6:30 pm - 8:30 pm woodcock walk april 4, 6:30 pm - 8:30 pm family nature hike april 5, 2:00 pm - 3:00 pm family nature hike may 3, 2:00 pm - 3:00 pm family nature hike june 7, 2:00 pm - 3:00 pm history powdermill nature reserve was established by carnegie museum of natural history in 1956 to serve as a field station for research on natural populations. general and mrs. richard k. mellon and dr. and mrs. alan m. scaife presented 1,160 acres of land located about 3 miles south of rector, pennsylvania, for the use of carnegie museum of natural history which was named “powdermill nature reserve, a research station of carnegie museum.” over the next several years, acreage was added to powdermill nature reserve, and it now offers more than 2,200 acres of woodlands, streams, fields, and ponds for research and educational programs. powdermill is home to the museum’s gis lab, avian research center, and a new nature center with ecological exhibits. sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility