exhibitions skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website exhibitions featured exhibitions uprooted: plants out of place explore humans’ role in the history and future of invasive plants in this groundbreaking exhibition opening on march 22. the stories we keep see objects—cared for by the museum for more than a century—in a new light and to witness the work that will preserve them for future generations. keeping traditions alive learn about the quapaw nation, an indigenous community living and thriving today, in the words of community curators betty gaedtke and carrie vee wilson. spotlight on science explore current museum research from the scientific sections of mammals and mollusks. from egypt to pittsburgh trace the history of museum objects from ancient egypt to the museum online and in person. permanent exhibitions dinosaurs in their time home to dozens of real, original fossils  displayed in scientifically accurate reconstructions of their ancient habitats. hillman hall of minerals and gems more than 1,300 specimens from all over the world that come in a large range of striking colors, fascinating forms, and dramatic shapes. benedum hall of geology discover how fossils are formed! art of the diorama discover the craft and artistry behind carnegie museum of natural history’s famous nature dioramas. discovery basecamp slow down, look closely, and explore everything. presented by reach cyber charter school. age of mammals: cenozoic era discover life on earth in age of large mammals, like mammoths and dire wolves. cretaceous seaway while dinosaurs ruled the land, amazing creatures resided in the sea in the age of dinosaurs. step into an underwater world in cretaceous seaway . bone hunters’ quarry dig for fossils in a recreation of dinosaur national monument in utah. wertz gallery of gems and jewelry view beautifully crafted necklaces, extraordinary pieces of amber, large diamonds, and a full spectrum of artfully displayed birthstones. hall of botany investigate the incredibly diverse plant life of north america and western pennsylvania. alcoa foundation hall of american indians explore four native american cultures and their relationships with the natural world. hall of african wildlife step inside a savanna or view a lowland gorilla emerging from lush tropical foliage in the hall of african wildlife. hall of north american wildlife witness the drama of nature across north america in artistically and scientifically recreated dioramas. polar world: wyckoff hall of arctic life traversing 4,500 years of inuit history, learn about the canadian inuit and how they’ve adapted to the environmental challenges of life in the arctic. bird hall discover the many shapes, sizes, colors, and characteristics of birds all over the world. bug hall explore bug hall to learn about the creatures that make up more than 80% of all life on earth: arthropods. amphibians and reptiles check out the reptiles and amphibians of today while looking out over prehistoric reptiles that existed millions of years ago. walton hall of ancient egypt closed for conservation. sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility