education at the museum skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website educator information field trips are you ready for an in person trip? we’re currently offering group discounts for field trips. educator workshops earn continuing education credit while learning something new at the museum–and get access to museum materials! bring the museum to you bring museum educators, specimens, and artifacts to your classrooms and festivals! field trips at powdermill explore the museum’s environmental research center. with trails to hike as well as gardens and a nature center to visit, it’s a full day! the learning collection kits rent an activity kit with museum specimens and lesson plan/activity info from the museum. check out the loan kit catalogue to get started. educator resources browse our educator blogs, activities and more online. climate and rural systems partnership (crsp) talking about human-caused climate change can be difficult, especially in communities where it feels politicized or socially unsafe. however, starting the conversation is an essential step toward taking the scaled actions we need to tackle this challenge and build sustainable, resilient futures, both in our region and the world. virtual field trips & activities explore the exhibits of the museum with your students online. interact with our educators and the museum collection in live interactive programs. scholarships are available. sign up for educator emails sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility