bring the museum to you skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website bring the museum to you bring carnegie museum of natural history’s expert educators to your location! we can visit classrooms, libraries, and other community locations for hands-on activities, or set up the mini museum for larger groups and events. all programs can be adapted for different age ranges and neurodiverse learners, and scholarships are available. science adventure classes length: 30-45 minute classes price: $9/participant (10 participant minimum) educators from carnegie museum of natural history come visit you—wherever you are! this hands-on activity is designed for classrooms and smaller groups and includes up-close looks at artifacts, fossils, rocks, and more. we can visit several classrooms/groups in one day to ensure all interested learners can participate. dinosaurs ancient avians: from fossils to feathers (available june-august) ancient egypt three sisters (native american) rocks and geology plants and botany animal tales insects reptiles book a science adventure class mini museum price: $350 for a 4 hour engagement the mini museum brings a variety of authentic natural history materials to your event! create a museum-like atmosphere and encourage firsthand exploration of topics like dinosaurs, animals, and cultures. this program is perfect for larger groups to enjoy for several hours during festivals, community gatherings, and fairs. natural history fusion: blends together multiple topics from below to cover all interests. animals: pelts, taxidermies, and study skins for showing animal adaptations from both near and far. dinosaur: genuine and replica fossils, geological samples, and dinosaur models for a hands-on experience. cultural halls: replica artifacts, model structures, and games from the haudenosaunee, ancient egyptian, and inuit cultures. book the mini museum sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility