climate and rural systems partnership (crsp) skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website the climate and rural systems partnership the climate and rural systems partnership talking about human-caused climate change can be difficult, especially in communities where it feels politicized or socially unsafe. however, starting the conversation is an essential step toward taking the scaled actions we need to tackle this challenge and build sustainable, resilient futures, both in our region and the world. the climate and rural systems partnership (crsp, pronounced “crisp”) is a collaborative learning-research project that aims to get people talking about climate change in western pennsylvania so that, ultimately, we can do something about it. crsp operates at the intersection of three ideas: 1) museum resources are valuable for understanding environmental change, 2) museums are underserving rural audiences, and 3) complex socio-scientific environmental change topics are deeply connected to social decision-making in rural communities. over the past four years, the carnegie museum of natural history, together with the university of pittsburgh, has engaged community partners across rural western pennsylvania in a research practice partnership that supports professional networking, reflection and learning about human-caused climate change. through this partnership we seek to improve methodologies and practices for practitioners to effectively address climate change issues with their audiences, including the museum’s work with its audiences. the project is centered at two community hubs: powdermill nature reserve in the laurel highlands and mercer county conservation district north of pittsburgh. community partners across these hubs have included formal and informal educators, conservation practitioners, watershed specialists, land managers, farmers, environmental advocates, recreationists, industry leaders, and scientists. together, we have explored strategies to overcome social and political barriers to talking about human-caused climate change and encourage conversation about the climate impacts and solutions, both present and future, here in rural western pennsylvania. crsp partners: mercer county conservation district, carnegie museum of natural history, university of pittsburgh center for learning in out-of-school environments, and powdermill nature reserve & avian research center a cross-disciplinary team leads this learning research project, with scientists and educators at the carnegie museum of natural history providing expertise in ecological and climate science, science communication, and facilitation techniques, researchers from the university of pittsburgh center for learning in out-of-school environments (upclose) providing expertise in learning research and practitioners at powdermill nature reserve and the mercer county conservation district providing expertise in environmental education, conservation, and engagement with rural communities. our collective work supports socially safe, science-based discussions about human-caused climate change and is building regional capacity for information exchange across organizations. crsp resource library the resources found in this library were co-produced by crsp network partners and cmnh scientists and educators to spark climate change conversations with public rural audiences. co-production is a process through which the creation of new knowledge or resources remains relevant to the needs and experiences of the community members it is meant to support. crsp network partners were involved in all stages of creation, from defining a shared goal for the resource to developing and refining content. please use any of the resources you see, and don’t hesitate to contact us if you have a question! resources climate change stories activities climate conversations starter guide  for the laurel highlands when it comes to climate conversations, where do you begin? this guide is meant to help you get conversations started with eight different “have you noticed…?” questions related to local climate change solutions and impacts based on the latest scientific evidence. the booklet also includes some general tips for talking about climate, six climate actions you can take, and a section on climate science basics. use this guide as an information resource to help you feel more comfortable and confident with climate change topics. you can also pull information from this guide to incorporate into programming, materials, or other engagements. pdf booklet the road to farm resilience to weather extremes these tri-fold pamphlets were co-produced by farmers and ag professionals at the shenango river valley crsp hub (shenango climate and rural environmental studies team or s-crest) and bonnie mcgill, a crsp scientist and illustrator. during 2021, the group explored local climate data and worked to write the pamphlet text for their intended audience, conventional farmers in the region growing corn and soybeans. the group wanted to make a resource that could help them have conversations with such farmers about how certain conservation practices will help farmers build resilience in their operations to the current and worsening impacts of climate change. many of these practices also build soil carbon, which mitigates climate change. mercer county pdf indiana county pdf signs of climate change in migratory songbirds of pennsylvania this infographic looks to migratory songbirds as teachers, showing us how climate change is here and now rather than somewhere else in the future. these birds, and the powdermill avian research center scientists who study them, show us how climate change is speeding up their arrival from the south and the timing of their nesting dates – a pace they might not be able to keep up with. you can use this infographic to share the story of migratory songbirds, something everyone in western pennsylvania can notice and care about, and start a conversation about what we can do to help them in the face of a changing climate. view webpage infographic research publications “ shifting climate communication narratives toward actions and futures in a rural area of appalachia “ mcgill, b. m., nelson, t., steiner, m. a., & heller, n. e. (2024). shifting climate communication narratives toward actions and futures in a rural area of appalachia. science communication , 46 (2), 178-209.  this peer-review research publication shares results from crsp workshops with professional networks in the laurel highlands. workshops were designed to understand rural perspectives and support effective climate talk rooted in evidence from climate change communication science. we analyze the social and economic context of climate conversations in western pennsylvania, the content and framings of climate action expressed by rural network members and offer strategies for shifting climate talk from issues and past (e.g. impacts) toward action and futures (e.g. solutions). “ taking time to listen and learn: a museum partnership designed to engage rural audiences in climate change conversations “ maryann steiner, karen knutson, kevin crowley, nicole heller, bonnie mcgill, laurie giarratani, jay russell & taiji nelson (2023) taking time to listen and learn: a museum partnership designed to engage rural audiences in climate change conversations, museums & social issues, doi: 10.1080/15596893.2023.2263528 brook trout in a warming world trout fishing is deeply rooted in the cultural heritage of pennsylvania’s laurel highlands, yet many stewards have been noticing how climate change is jeopardizing its future. this story navigates climate change from the perspective of the brook trout, holding a hopeful call to action front and center and highlighting several organizations in the laurel highlands working to address climate change, protect brook trout, and pass on the legacy of trout fishing to future generations. you can use this storymap to spark climate conversations with various brook trout stakeholders, from anglers to students to conservation groups, that inspire stewardship on behalf of both the brook trout and ourselves. story map striving for a better future on the shenango this storymap centers on the shenango river, a beloved waterway for those who live, work, and play around it, to explain the relationship between climate change, the water cycle, and the watershed-level impacts that threaten nearby communities. the story also highlights different organizations and projects in northwestern pennsylvania working to address climate change in the shenango river watershed. you can use this storymap story map we are nature podcast this podcast series features stories of natural histories and livable futures directly from individuals and organizations on the frontlines of climate change adaptation and mitigation, conservation, and building just and joyous futures for all life. use these podcast stories to learn and teach about locally relevant issues and actions, and to inspire hope in others. podcast page we are nature videos these videos supplement select we are nature podcast episodes, featuring several crsp community partners on the frontlines of climate action through their work. notice how solutions take different forms, from advocacy to regenerative farming to stream conservation and more. use these videos to take a deeper look at several areas of work currently happening in western pennsylvania. view videos climate card activity coming soon! take a stand coming soon! contact a crsp team member nicole heller associate curator, anthropocene studies co-pi, climate and rural systems partnership laurie giarratani director of learning and community co-pi, climate and rural systems partnership fill out my online form . fill out my wufoo form! the crsp project is funded by the national science foundation. this material is based upon work supported by the national science foundation under grant #1906774 . crsp blogs and news what does climate change mean for western pa farmers? agriculture is many things when it comes to climate change: a source of heat trapping gases, a casualty of extreme… read more warmer springs and earlier birds by bonnie mcgill  male red-winged blackbird (agelaius phoeniceus) by jonathan eckerson via macaulay library. male red-winged… read more climate change myth busting at the museum by dr. bonnie mcgill if you’ve visited the museum recently you may have noticed some new orange labels throughout the… read more we get questions: climate change, hope, and action by patrick mcshea “tell me what gives you hope?” the student’s question during a high school environmental science class in… read more more on climate change at the museum carnegie museum of natural history presents life in one cubic foot september 28, 2023 pittsburgh, september 28, 2023 — this fall and holiday season, carnegie museum of natural… read more carnegie museum of natural history awarded $225k grant from richard king mellon foundation to lead campaign against spread of invasive plant species july 11, 2023 pittsburgh, pennsylvania, july 11, 2023 — thanks to a $225,000 grant from the… read more researchers call for new conservation paradigm that embraces positive contributions of land stewardship april 10, 2023 in a new study published by the journal nature sustainability, researchers call for a… read more climate change threatens north american wildflowers december 7, 2022 adverse effects to spring ephemerals may be greater in north america than… read more carnegie museum of natural history launches new “we are nature” podcast series, exploring natural histories and livable futures november 1, 2022 series introduces listeners to climate action conversations and strategies in southwestern pennsylvania featuring… read more scientists call for new research studying the combined effects of climate change and urbanization on body size across species july 20, 2022 rhacophorus dulitensis (jade tree frog). photo by dr. jennifer sheridan, carnegie museum of… read more cusp exhibits on display at pitt participants engage in an activity at cusp, coordinated locally by carnegie museum… read more a new way to study climate change students from shady side academy middle school studied our extensive fossil collection… read more songbirds and climate change how are songbirds in western pennsylvania adapting to climate change? fairly well… read more the economics of climate change by barbara klein scientists agree that the list of species in danger… read more did you know? did you know that water temperature determines the sex of a sea… read more did you know that coral is expected to be the first casualty? did you know that coral is expected to be the first casualty… read more notice any differences? notice any differences between these two sets of botany sheets? these specimens… read more migrate or die by dr. nicole heller becoming migrant was this year’s theme for the… read more new member of the section of herpetology by jennifer sheridan the section of herpetology has welcomed a new curator—me!… read more none like it hot by joylette portlock july. long known across the u.s. for fireworks, barbecues,… read more wet weekend! by joylette portlock i had the chance to visit powdermill nature reserve… read more combating climate change with plants by steve tonsor it is easy for everyone to overlook plants as… read more sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility