we are nature podcast skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website we are nature podcast about the podcast stories about natural histories and livable futures presented by carnegie museum of natural history. season one centered collective climate action. season two, “the anthropocene archives,” delves deep into the carnegie’s collection of over 22 million items. we’re raiding cabinets and cases, sifting through objects and organisms in search of stories of stewardship, solutions, and scientific wonder. each episode features items from the museum’s collections as windows into the science and ethics of the anthropocene, as discussed by curators, collection managers, and community members. these solution-centered stories remind us that the anthropocene is not a history to bemoan, but an ongoing epoch in which humans have agency to make positive change. listen to podcast with episode transcripts get more info about our collaborators and interview subjects with these videos. « prev 1 / 1 next » we are nature: do everything you can that gives you hope we are nature: coal and community we are nature: soil and sustenance we are nature: abandoned mine remediation we are nature: bridges and bivalves « prev 1 / 1 next » meet the hosts host + editor michael pisano ’s first career aspiration was to be a dinosaur. 35-ish years later, he makes films about sustainability and solidarity. he also makes fantasy games about collaboration in the face of doom. together, he thinks, we can fight for a joyous future. pisanofilms.com/ producer & co-host taiji nelson studies learning sciences and human development at the university of washington (seattle), but lived in pittsburgh from 2006-2022 and grew up in the allegheny national forest. he is passionate about developing ways to promote solidarity between the environmental movement and other justice movements, and facilitating learning environments that help people answer big questions about taking action toward climate justice. field reporter di-ay battad tells stories about people who are working toward a safe, just, and inspiring world. with their background in teaching in alternative and after-school settings, di-ay is especially motivated to show the value and power of education, and of youth voices, in our movement toward climate justice. di-ay.com field reporter jamen thurmond started his career shooting on his phone three years ago. he takes inspiration from anime and his everyday life to make ordinary things seem greater than they are. he aspires to elevate the voices of the unknown and document his life in the process. instagram.com/story_logic field reporter david kelley is a local curmudgeon armed with a camera and a passion for storytelling. sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility