moriarty science seminar: using bird banding datasets to track trends in bird populations skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website « all events moriarty science seminar: using bird banding datasets to track trends in bird populations march 17, 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm hybrid: online and at the museum event navigation « museum highlights tour: women in science storytime at the museum » sixty years and counting: using bird banding datasets to track trends in bird populations monday, march 17, 2025, 12:00 – 1:00 p.m. earth theater and online via zoom featuring annie lindsay, powdermill avian research center (carnegie museum of natural history) this lecture is free. museum admission is not required. learn about scientific discoveries directly from the experts in the field. carnegie museum of natural history’s scientific research staff and invited speakers discuss their latest findings on numerous scientific topics at the r.w. moriarty science seminar series. click here to register to attend virtually via zoom. registration is not necessary to attend in person. museum admission is not included with the lecture. visitor services staff can direct you to earth theater on arrival. check back in march for more information about annie lindsay’s talk “sixty years and counting: using bird banding datasets to track trends in bird populations.” . add to calendar google calendar icalendar outlook 365 outlook live details date: march 17 time: 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm event tags: rw moriarty science seminars organizer carnegie museum of natural history venue hybrid: online and at the museum event navigation « museum highlights tour: women in science storytime at the museum » tagged with: rw moriarty science seminars sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility