naturefest skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website « all events naturefest march 22, 10:00 am - 5:00 pm at the museum event navigation « storytime at the museum women’s history month spotlights » when: saturday, march 22, 10:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m. where: carnegie museum of natural history tickets: free with museum admission. advance registration strongly recommended join carnegie museum of natural history’s scientists, educators, and community partners for naturefest! browse the full schedule below and plan your day. whether you’re looking for family-friendly fun or a deep dive into land stewardship and invasive species research, there’s programming for nature lovers of all ages. naturefest schedule family-friendly activities, 10:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m., drop-in any time enjoy hands-on activities throughout the museum to explore environmental topics in our region and connect with more than a dozen local organizations working to protect our rivers, parks, wildlife, and more. activities are designed for kids ages 5-12 and their families, they include: • learning about invasive species in our area, including freshwater mussels living in our rivers. •  sorting through leaf litter to look for tiny snails. •  seeing plant specimens from the museum’s herbarium and finding out how scientists use them to study climate change. •  making and taking home a coloring page based on herbarium specimens. •  meeting artist koichi watanabe and learning about his decades long explorations of itadori (knotweed) around the world. •  finding out how to join the city nature challenge and contribute to active scientific research by making observations and uploading photos. pop-up tours of uprooted: plants out of place, 11:00 a.m.-1:30 p.m., meet in hall of botany be among the first to visit the groundbreaking exhibition uprooted: plants out of place on a 30-minute tour with a museum educator. see both exhibition locations (hall of botany and third floor overlook) and ask questions as you go. symposium: stories of land stewardship, 1:00-3:30 p.m., earth theater 1:00-1:30 p.m., stewardship mistakes: museum researchers ainsley seago, nicole heller, and mason heberling tell short stories of human-driven species introductions and land management with unintended ecological outcomes. explore popular science examples from around the world, which serve as cautionary tales of human interference and hubris. 1:30-3:30 p.m., stories of land stewardship: tim byan ( audubon society of western pennsylvania ), aj monsma and/or john creasy ( garfield community farm ), jared belsky ( pittsburgh parks conservancy ), and gavin deming ( allegheny goatscape ) discuss their important work with invasive species management and holistic land stewardship. learn about the diverse array of invasive species solutions taking place in pittsburgh and ask your burning questions. film screening of seeing the unseen: aquatic invaders & what’s at stake, 3:45-4:30 p.m., earth theater watch a short film by the western pa conservancy and great lakes media & film about aquatic invasive species threatening the lake erie watershed and nearby regions. learn how conservation-minded people, groups, and organizations (including the conservancy) are working on efforts to combat and reduce the threat of invasives in these important and vital ecosystems. this film provides actions and measures anyone can take to slow the spread of invasive species entering the watershed. add to calendar google calendar icalendar outlook 365 outlook live details date: march 22 time: 10:00 am - 5:00 pm venue at the museum 4400 forbes avenue pittsburgh , pa 15213-4007 united states + google map phone 412-622-3131 event navigation « storytime at the museum women’s history month spotlights » sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility