from collections user to collections manager skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website from collections user to collections manager introducing mariana marques, the new collection manager for the section of amphibians and reptiles by mariana marques with a hemidactylus greefii – são tomé giant gecko, são tomé island. i’m not sure when i first entered in a natural history museum, but i know that these establishments have always been my favorite places to visit. i did my bachelor’s degree in biology in the university of évora, a small and picturesque town in southern portugal surrounded by one of the most biodiverse habitats of the iberian peninsula, the unique savanna-like ecosystem known as the “montado.” in the intervals between classes, i loved to go look for the critters that surrounded the university field station where most of my classes were held. i was lucky enough to be in one of the places with the highest diversity of amphibians and reptiles in the country, and in a natural and unspoiled area which meant that i could easily see good numbers of these animals. being able to handle and study these animals in the field woke up my passion for herpetology, and i decided that i wanted to become a herpetologist. i started to collaborate on projects in herpetology, and i was lucky enough to visit the outstanding collections of the natural history museum of paris while i was an undergraduate. most of the projects i was participating in had a strong taxonomic focus, and therefore specimens were the basis of my research. i had become specialized in measuring snout-vent length, counting scales, and describing the coloration of preserved lizards, frogs, and snakes from across the world. with these, i started to better understand the importance of historical labels, catalog numbers, old publications citing these specimens, and modern databases. my path turned to africa during master’s thesis work as i started working with the poorly known fauna of two portuguese-speaking countries on the continent: angola, in southwestern africa, and são tomé & príncipe, an island nation in the gulf of guinea. for this work, i learned another new skill: specimen collecting. as an apprentice naturalist, i learned where to find species of interest, how to collect them safely, and how to prepare and fix them to become museum specimens. these new experiences gave me an increased appreciation of our collections and their importance. as an msc and phd student, i described species new to science, and catalogued and mapped herp diversity to support their conservation. preparing specimens field tags in the company of the young future naturalists at príncipe island. photo by: luis m.p. ceríaco, 2015. although i’ve visited many collections in europe, africa, and the us (including cmnh!), i was mostly based in portugal. the portuguese collections had suffered considerable neglect which made most of them almost unusable. however, taxonomists need collections, so together with colleagues, i embarked on the mission of rescuing those collections to make them accessible and usable for researchers. through this process i learned how a collection should be housed, and best practices for collection management and care. i became a collections manager! starting from scratch. listing all herpetological material at instituto de investigação científica tropical, lisboa, portugal. photo by: luis m.p. ceríaco, 2014. currently, while i still love to do research, participate in fieldwork, and describe new species, i love to be taking care of specimens in old jars, making them accessible to researchers and to the public, telling stories about them, and ensuring they are preserved for generations to come. natural history collections, such as the one we have at carnegie museum of natural history, are fundamental tools for science and conservation, and new promising technologies are showing us that their potential is far beyond my traditional snout-vent length measuring and scale counting. becoming the collection manager of the section of amphibians and reptiles of carnegie museum of natural history is both a challenge and an honor. and what i find more curious about it, is that in 2018, when i visited the museum and used its collections for my own research, i remember saying to myself: this is a city where i could see myself living! at carnegie museum of natural history, section of amphibians and reptiles in 2018, studying the angolan material from pulitzer expedition, with aaron bauer and luis ceríaco. photo by: luis m.p. ceríaco, 2018. mariana marques is collection manager of amphibians and reptiles at carnegie museum of natural history. related content a deep look inside reptiles and amphibians sharing a city park with a resident reptile is this what they call overkill? toxin and venom in the herp world carnegie museum of natural history blog citation information blog author: marques, mariana publication date: june 23, 2023 share this post! share on twitter share on twitter share on facebook share on facebook share on pinterest share on pinterest share on linkedin share on linkedin share on reddit share on reddit share via email share via email sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility