carnegie discoverers skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website carnegie discoverers join now the members of the carnegie discoverers share a passion for discovery and adventure and are enthusiastic supporters of carnegie museum of natural history. founded in 2006 by dr. richard moriarty, the principal purpose of the carnegie discoverers is to assist and support carnegie museum of natural history in promoting its scientific, educational, and cultural missions and in the development of new and larger audiences for the institution. through a number of special events each year, carnegie discoverers explore and learn about many amazing facets of natural history. these opportunities afford our members a unique relationship with, and a keener appreciation of, carnegie museum of natural history. fall 2024 programming coming soon. upcoming events loading view. there were no results found. there were no results found. today upcoming upcoming select date. previous events today next events subscribe to calendar google calendar icalendar outlook 365 outlook live export .ics file export outlook .ics file become a member of carnegie discoverers register online additional information about the carnegie discoverers can be obtained by calling 412.622.8857. membership levels member $150 – invitations to all carnegie discoverers events, including lectures with scientists and social hours – invitations to exclusive carnegie museum of natural history events, such as exhibit openings and previews sponsor $250 all of the benefits of the member level plus: – opportunities to participate in carnegie discoverers field trips patron $500+ all of the benefits of the sponsor level plus: – an invitation to an annual tea with the daniel g. and carole l. kamin director of carnegie museum of natural history benefactor $1500+ all of the benefits of the patron level plus: – a behind-the-scenes tour for up to 10 individuals of your choice sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility