field trips to powdermill skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website visit powdermill powdermill field trips powdermill summer camps powdermill staff research at powdermill virtual garden timeline schools, scouts, and other groups can enhance their visit to powdermill nature reserve with rich, hands-on learning experiences guided by our knowledgeable educators. we welcome the opportunity to create unique programs that complement your school curriculum or scouting adventure, and we are happy to adapt the programs below to the interests of your group. step 1. before you book your field trip – gather information field trips must be booked at least four weeks in advance. have a preferred date and back up dates ready when booking. have the number of participants and adult chaperones attending your field trip. know if your group has any special requests, like lunchroom reservations, accessibility needs, or curriculum focus. step 2. choose a field trip program chaperones and teachers are admitted free for field trips. costs listed below are applicable for groups of 10 students or more. smaller groups pay the 10-person minimum. groups are welcome to schedule unguided visits to the nature center at no cost. guided hike 60 min – $9/participant spend an hour hiking the beautiful black birch trail and experience the rich woodlands of powdermill nature reserve! observe plants and animals in their natural habitats, see evidence of historic land-use, and view the exceptional powdermill run. this hike can be adapted to fit a focused topic. powdermill gardens 60 min – $9/participant visit each of powdermill’s four distinct outdoor gardens, and find specific herbs, wildflowers, barrens plants, and pollinators. determine the plant adaptations needed for each garden. powdermill avian research center $9/participant see wild birds up close, and learn about their biology from powdermill scientists. learn about avian research projects to prevent bird-glass collisions during migration, bird banding, and high-tech tracking with nanotags. please note that tours of the bird banding station may be cancelled in rain or hot weather to protect the safety of birds. stream study 60 min – $9/participant jump in and get your feet wet in powdermill run to search for macroinvertebrates! explore how scientists use these tiny organisms as bioindicators to help determine stream health. learn how to safely capture and examine macroinvertebrates while investigating their adaptations, diversity, and role in the environment. participants will be required to wear appropriate clothing and footwear to enter the stream. step 3. book your field trip book your field trip online and our visitor services team will get back to you via email to confirm details about your upcoming visit. if you have any questions, please email groupvisits@carnegiemuseums.org for more information. book a frield trip today! sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility