pitt team inserts computer chip in brain so a person's thoughts can instigate motion - pittsburgh post-gazette obituaries classifieds jobs shopping cars real estate pg store weddings february 6, 2013 8:06 pm 28° post-gazette.com business directory home police apprehend man carrying containers of gasoline, shrapnel in north side bank robbery o'brien calls signing day a great day for penn state pittsburgh firefighter charged with indecent assault of underaged girls attacker raped woman in front of her 4-month-old in ross apartment, she testifies allegheny county extends property tax bill by one month how did bible with pittsburgh pirates' signatures end up in california library bin? breaking news chats weather traffic event guide mobile applications pg store rss feeds sitemap pge pittsburgh press special projects news education basic subsidy up, but some say levels are too low clashes erupt in damascus, shattering lull, as prospects for talks dim united states announces new iran sanctions 2 azeri opposition leaders are charged with inciting riots drone strikes' risks to get rare moment in the public eye postal service to cut saturday mail to trim costs world nation death notices obituaries politics early returns education state portfolio pipeline science health environment transportation local man accused of grabbing pennsylvania state police trooper's taser, shocking both allegheny county extends property tax bill by one month south highland bridge to close march 4 for replacement pennsylvania agency looking into unusual horse deaths at meadows racetrack and casino mount pleasant man surrenders after threat to blow up house with natural gas panel recommends selling former schenley high to pmc for $5.2 million region city north east west south washington westmoreland pipeline death notices classifieds jobs cars real estate sports o'brien calls signing day a great day for penn state jerry micco's sports chat transcript: 2.6.13 basketball box scores penguins notebook: tavares reserves judgment on islanders' start to season pirates target pitcher sanchez how did bible with pittsburgh pirates' signatures end up in california library bin? steelers penguins pirates high school pitt psu duquesne other sports rmu wvu college sports ski outdoors pg+ opinion better budget: corbett lays out an ambitious, sensible plan reason to target: obama's policy to kill citizens is a breach of rights the virtual middle class: multitudes of the newly empowered are shaking up societies a new view transportation for tomorrow: the governor's proposal would help pennsylvania prosper rob rogers' cartoons editorials letters op ed columns pg columnists rob rogers a & e stage review: 'becky's new car' survives a few potholes with well-tuned humor people: keifer sutherland,chris kyle, helen fielding, chris brown sculptor barbara sorensen's show opens at manchester craftsmen's guild music preview: piano duo to present rarely played works for two pianos dance preview: amateurs are ready to rumba at steel city classic dancesport competition the lumineers make 'hey' with joyful stage ae show celebrities movies tv & radio music theater & dance art & architecture books breakfast with life stylebook: love always jewelry from phillips house featured at orr's at 113, beaver falls native counts every day a blessing pure barre is a new way to work out in pittsburgh '1968' exhibit opens at the sen. john heinz history center steel advice: send copycat co-worker to paris what's for dinner: chicken tortilla soup food homes & garden celebrations style & fashion travel restaurants civil war weddings seen pets recreation pittsburgh mom pgplate business business briefs: american eagle cuts china license agreement protecting your privacy on the new facebook it's a tablet. no, it's a pc. surface pro is both. tools of the trade for the smartphone cineaste kpn to raise 4 billion euros to fend off rivals dell inc. bows out of stock market in a $24.4 billion leveraged buyout technology personal finance auto news opinion markets pipeline top 50 top workplaces fortunate 50 diversity matters video chryst excited for football season with clairton players pittsburgh reacts to decision to end saturday mail delivery clairton teammates to play football at pitt nascar driver jeff gordon 'races' at rivers casino youtube video: dodge ram commercial, with paul harvey chryst excited for football season with clairton players podcasts pittsburgh revolution pittsburgh then and now a pittsburgh history ap video photo sports photos photo sales pitt team inserts computer chip in brain so a person's thoughts can instigate motion december 17, 2012 12:17 am upmc jan scheuermann, who has quadriplegia, takes a bite from a chocolate bar she has guided into her mouth with a thought-controlled robot arm. research assistants brian wodlinger and dr. elke brown watch. click image to enlarge share with others: tweet related media: pitt, upmc researchers talk about mind-controlled robot arm projects by david templeton / pittsburgh post-gazette with mind control, a monkey fed itself marshmallows with a robotic arm. then one year ago, in a moment spiked with emotion, a man with quadriplegia reached out with a robotic arm to touch his girlfriend's hand. now the mind-controlled robotic-arm technology developed at the university of pittsburgh has reached another milestone, again sparking lots of emotion. a study published online today in the lancet describes how a 52-year-old woman -- a quadriplegic for nine years -- has spent the past 10 months learning to maneuver the robotic arm with her thoughts, allowing her to pick up objects of various shapes, shake hands, and even grasping a chocolate bar and taking a bite. the fact is, jan scheuermann used the arm and hand to consume the entire chocolate bar. her accomplishments, resulting from decades of pitt research, heighten the promise of people with quadriplegia or arm amputations to use mind-controlled robotic arms to perform daily tasks independently. the study also marks an important step in the goal of wiring the brain around spine damage to arm and leg muscles to restore limb function. "it was pretty spectacular," said andrew b. schwartz, the research team leader, expressing pride that the breakthrough occurred in pittsburgh and describing ms. scheuermann, as articulate, intelligent and exuberant. "when she has a really good day, we're all on cloud nine," he said, noting that the research proves that using a robotic arm to perform daily tasks is feasible. further advances and refinements are necessary before the technology is available for general use, which could take five years or longer. "i've been working on this for 25 to 30 years," he said, "and to see her do this made me say, 'damn, it really works.' " the research team this morning will hold a news conference involving ms. scheuermann and tim hemmes of connoquenessing township, butler county, who was the first to operate the robotic arm with his mind. he had a motorcycle accident eight years ago that left him with quadriplegia, but he underwent a surgical procedure to place a computer chip against his brain that, with training, allowed him to reach out and touch his girlfriend katie schaffer's outstretched hand last year. the news conference also will include a video of ms. scheuermann's success with the robotic arm. the pitt professor of neurobiology described how the mind-controlled arm works: the team embedded a computer chip with 200 needles into ms. scheuermann's brain, each one stationed near a small group of neurons known to control a particular arm or hand motion. the computer translates the signals, then makes the robotic arm perform the intended task. researchers made technological advances in the past 10 months. ms. scheuermann, who has had the computer chip imbedded in her brain since february, was able to train quickly to operate the arm, making it easier to reach a target or perform a task. she continues using the device in the year-long trial that initially was scheduled to end in february. but the u.s. food and drug administration has granted permission to extend it beyond the initial one-year limit, if necessary. the study says ms. scheuermann achieved seven degrees of freedom in arm and hand motions, including moving it in the three dimensions of space while also using three different wrist movements and a grasping motion with all the fingers. she learned how to focus on a task, with the arm and hand doing the rest. it reflects how the brain really works. when we decide to pick up a glass, for example, the hand goes to the glass and grasps it. we need not think about bending the shoulder, elbow, wrist and hands at various angles to make it happen. since the latest study was published, ms. scheuermann has progressed to 10 degrees of freedom that allow more detailed use of the hand and fingers. initially, ms. scheuermann told researchers her goal was simple. she hoped for the first time in nine years to grasp a chocolate bar and eat it without anyone's help. in the lab, with a student holding the chocolate, she reached and grasped it, then brought it to her mouth and took a bite, then another and still others until the chocolate bar was gone. she also grasped and ate string cheese and pieces of red pepper. able to shake hands, she also did a fist bump and grabbed a cup and did a pouring motion. jennifer collinger, the pitt doctor of bioengineering who wrote the study, said ms. scheuermann moved the arm smoothly, quickly and with consistent control, almost with the speed and grace of a real arm. "i feel lucky to be part of this," she said. "i want to develop this and see it used by lots of people as a result of these two dedicated and selfless people," she said, referring to ms. scheuermann and mr. hemmes. "there were lots of emotional moments when we laughed and cried in the lab, and it's really been lots of fun." lawrence c. vogel, president of the american spinal injury association and chief of pediatrics at the chicago shriners hospital for children, described the news as "very exciting" and "incredible." he also said he's been a strong proponent of pittsburgh researchers who are doing "super work" on behalf of people with disabilities. "i think they are doing really cutting-edge research to improve the lives of people with spinal cord injuries," dr. vogel said. "this research will translate into allowing people to do more with their lives." david templeton: dtempleton@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1578. first published december 17, 2012 12:00 am join the conversation: commenting policy | how to report abuse commenting policy | how to report abuse to report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. thank you. latest in news clashes erupt in damascus, shattering lull, as prospects for talks dim 2013-02-06 18:04:44 united states announces new iran sanctions 2013-02-06 18:04:31 2 azeri opposition leaders are charged with inciting riots 2013-02-06 18:04:19 drone strikes' risks to get rare moment in the public eye 2013-02-06 18:04:06 haunted by war, syrian artists put raw emotions on view 2013-02-06 18:03:53 social media firms move to capitalize on popularity in middle east 2013-02-06 18:03:41 pittsburgh post-gazette home news local sports opinion a & e life business video photo classifieds jobs shopping cars real estate pg store weddings contact us site map media kit 34 allies about us corrections rss feeds technical help? products & services pg sites: pg+ pipeline staff blogs community voices early returns sports town pittsburgh mom the digs special projects pg plate social media: twitter: news customer care facebook pinterest google+ print: home delivery rates back copies newsstand electronic: pge press copyright ©1997 — 2013 pg publishing co., inc. all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy page generated in: 1,360,199,218.1187 advertisement advertisement advertisement