visitor policies skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar carnegie museum of natural history one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh visit buy tickets groups of 10 or more visitor information events dining at the museum celebrate at the museum event venue rental shop powdermill nature reserve join & give exhibitions learn field trips educator information programs at the museum bring the museum to you guided programs faq programs online climate and rural systems partnership we are nature podcast research scientific sections science blogs science videos senior science & research staff museum library science seminars scientific publications specimen and artifact identification about mission & commitments directors team museum history tickets shop search this website search this website visitor policies please help us maintain a safe environment for museum visitors and staff. for more information, please read our full visitor conduct policy . please see below guidelines, and enjoy your visit! during your visit we want to make sure you have a wonderful visit while keeping the collections safe! here are some friendly reminders: be courteous to all staff and visitors. please avoid touching or leaning on objects or display cases, unless indicated otherwise. remember to stay at least two feet away from all objects. we kindly ask that you do not bring food or drinks into the exhibitions. our security officers may inspect bags, boxes, or packages upon entry and exit to ensure everyone’s safety. for the safety of everyone, we do not allow weapons, firearms, or hazardous materials on museum property. to protect our objects and specimens, please check in umbrellas, briefcases, backpacks, and bags larger than 14x17x8 inches in our lockers. please do not carry anything on your back, including backpacks, drawstring bags, and purses. if you have little ones with you, children under 12 must be accompanied by an adult. we kindly ask that children under 12 do not push strollers or wheelchairs. for the safety of our visitors and the exhibits, children may not be carried on shoulders or held over objects and displays. have a great time exploring the museum, but please walk instead of run, and avoid pushing or shoving. please remember that smoking, including vapor devices, is not allowed inside the museum or within five feet of the entrance due to city ordinances. if you have oversized items, feel free to leave them in the coat room! please keep in mind that we are not responsible for the security of these items. also, please note that all items are subject to inspection and the museum reserves the right to decide what should be checked. thank you for helping us maintain a safe and enjoyable environment! visitor photography, videotaping, and drawing in the galleries we encourage visitors to capture and share still photography for personal, noncommercial use. to protect the objects being photographed and for the safety of visitors, there are certain guidelines that must be followed: equipment: only handheld cameras are allowed. handheld video cameras are permitted in the carnegie museum of natural history only. no auxiliary flash, lighting equipment, tripods, large camera bags, or selfie sticks are permitted. nothing is permitted to be carried on one’s back including back packs, drawstring bags, and purses. no flash use permitted on any objects or specimens. please be aware that some special exhibitions, galleries, and individual objects may have restrictions on photography due to loan and copyright requirements. refer to the floor plan for galleries and exhibitions in which photography is not permitted; individual objects with photography restrictions are marked by a symbol on the label. etiquette: please be respectful. do not disturb other visitors while taking photographs. visitors must maintain a safe distance (at least two feet) from objects and specimens when taking photos or selfies. do not touch the objects or specimens. we encourage artists to take inspiration from the objects and specimens on view in our exhibitions and spaces. only pencils and paper are permitted in the galleries; please do not bring pens, paints, or inks. copyright, permissions, and image rights: carnegie museums of art and natural history are not responsible for any uses of visitor photography that infringe upon third-party copyrights or other rights. visitors to the museum may be photographed, videotaped, or otherwise recorded. by attending, visitors grant the museum permission to use photographs and/or audiovisual recordings in which they appear for archival, documentary, publicity, advertising, or other purposes. for information on requesting image rights and digital files for publication and other commercial uses, visit image permissions requests . professional photographer and videographer policies we require professional photographers and videographers to contact us about using our spaces for their business needs. please refer to the below information if you are a professional photographer or videographer interested in learning more about shooting on location: please reach out to our special events team to request a location agreement form. you must submit this form for review and approval at least 21 days in advance of the intended date of the shoot, as permission is required for all professional photography and video shoots. please note that there is a fee for all shoots taken before or after museum hours; this fee is determined by the amount of space and time required for the shoot. sidebar about mission & commitments directors team museum history get involved volunteer membership carnegie discoverers donate employment events bring a group groups of 10 or more birthday parties at the museum field trips powdermill powdermill nature reserve powdermill field trips powdermill staff research at powdermill more information image permission requests science stories accessibility shopping cart contact visitor policies e-news sign up one of the four carnegie museums | © carnegie institute | privacy policy | terms of use | accessibility