visual arts in pittsburgh | museums, galleries & public art | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona 📍 northside mattress factory public art home things to do arts & culture visual arts visual arts no matter your artistic style, pittsburgh has a museum for you. be astonished by art crafted from flowers at phipps conservatory and botanical gardens , or explore the history of work created in southwest pennsylvania and across the country at the newly expanded westmoreland museum of american art . the classical art collection at the frick pittsburgh includes early italian renaissance painting and much more. one of the most dynamic major art institutions in america, the carnegie museum of art , is committed to global engagement by championing creativity and houses an archive of nearly 80,000 photographic negatives from pittsburgh photographer teenie harris . the andy warhol museum holds the largest collection of warhol art in the world. contemporary art museum mattress factory features installations created by artists in residence. please enable javascript to show the partner listings listings. related blog posts historical sites to visit it’s no secret that pittsburgh has been an influential city for centuries, and the evidence can be found all around… details pittsburgh’s arts scene pittsburgh’s arts community has been an integral part of the city for years, with the legacy of former visionaries such… details pittsburgh’s must-see murals from portraits of pittsburgh legends to community-created masterpieces, there are so many incredible murals to discover in pittsburgh. details insider’s guide: the andy warhol museum safely experience pop art icon andy warhol's artwork at the andy warhol museum. details unexpected arts discover unique art venues in pittsburgh, including the andy warhol museum and mattress factory. details museums from history, art, science, sports and more, pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored. learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map