pittsburgh food festivals - greek - oktoberfest - apples - maple syrup | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona soul food festival the original pittsburgh taco festival 2024 home events & festivals food festivals food festivals food and fun just go together and, in pittsburgh, food is often the reason for the fun. there's a pittsburgh restaurant week celebration in the winter and summer , neighborhood soup crawls and cookie tours, apple, maple and whiskey festivals. and, pittsburgh's annual food festivals feature ethnic or traditional foods as well as the music, dance, crafts and culture that go along with them. pittsburgh restaurant week winter: jan. 15-21, 2024 summer: aug. 12-18, 2024 pittsburgh restaurant week in january and august each year features more than 50 restaurants offering special dining deals. during the week-long, city-wide event, dine at one of pittsburgh's finest restaurants and take advantage of three-course, fixed-price meals specials. view this post on instagram a post shared by pittsburgh restaurant week (@pghrestaurantwk) fish fry season feb. 14-march 28, 2024 another pittsburgh food staple is the lenten fish fry . beginning on ash wednesday and continuing every friday until easter, you can find great fish fries held in churches, fire halls and community buildings all over the pittsburgh area. south side soup contest feb. 24, 2024 | brashear association soup's on at the south side soup contest . with butternut bourbon bisque and chipotle chicken chorizo, it's mmmmm good! this annual contest warms the heart - and belly. the annual february event allows shoppers in pittsburgh's funky south side neighborhood to sample soups from 20 local restaurants for one low price. more than 1,200 people slurped and shopped in the "soup hop," which benefits a local food pantry. view this post on instagram a post shared by south side soup (@southsidesoup) one big table: an international feasting march 4, 2024 | stage ae 20+ restaurants showcase food from around the world to highlight pittsburgh's diverse culinary scene and talented chefs with a food fair, entertainment, global marketplace and more. one big table is an initiative of literacy pittsburgh. view this post on instagram a post shared by literacy pittsburgh (@literacypittsburgh) big nosh jewish food festival april 7-9, 2024 | congregation beth shalom the pittsburgh jewish chronicle’s first-ever big nosh will be the biggest celebration of jewish and israeli food and culture in our community. led by the culinary expertise of master chef judah cowen of elegant edge catering, the menu will feature a variety of traditional, strictly kosher dishes available for dine-in or takeout. view this post on instagram a post shared by pittsburgh jewish chronicle (@pittjewishchronicle) dessert wars april 27, 2024 | david l. lawrence convention center the largest dessert festival in the country heads to the convention center as local vendors try to win the foodie vote and be crowned dessert champion from offerings including cupcakes, cookies, ice cream, donuts and more. view this post on instagram a post shared by dessert wars (@dessert.wars) pittsburgh veg fair may 4 | rockwell park pittsburgh vegfest is celebrating 10 years in a big way with this east end celebration ! this free entry food festival will showcase veg food, small businesses and animal welfare npos. seating is available inside once you grab your food truck grub! view this post on instagram a post shared by pittsburgh vegfest (@pittsburghvegfest) greek food festivals select dates throughout pittsburgh may-sept. 2024 our insider's guide to pittsburgh greek food festivals provides a complete listing of the many greek festival dates and locations. mac & cheese festival may 18, 2024 | stacks at 3 crossings top chefs, food trucks and vendors will serve up 30+ kinds of mac & cheese for you to sample as we crown the best mac and cheese in pittsburgh. view this post on instagram a post shared by mac and cheese fests in the us (@macandcheesefests) picklesburgh july 18-21, 2024 for three days in july, downtown pittsburgh will transform into picklesburgh , highlighted by a giant flying pickle balloon. picklesburgh is an annual festival that celebrates pickling in all its glorious incarnations and goes beyond the dill pickle to include international dishes and handcrafted foods from local chefs; “how-to” demos; a selection of artisan cocktails; pickle themed merchandise, live music, and even a competitive pickle juice drinking contest. little italy days aug. 15-18, 2024 | bloomfield it's all-italian-all the time at bloomfield little italy days which takes place at the end of august and features music, food, games and more food! tacos are more than for tuesday! view this post on instagram a post shared by little italy days (@littleitalydays) vegetarian and vegan food festivals aug. 10, 2024 | allegheny commons park sept. 29, 2024 | velum fermentation vegetarians and vegans are not left out in pittsburgh! every summer pittsburgh gathers for the pittsburgh vegan expo & festival as well as pittsburgh vegfest in late summer/early fall, both highlighting local vegetable-based restaurants and shops, meat-eaters might just be surprised how satisfied you will be eating a vegetable-based meal! view this post on instagram a post shared by pittsburgh vegfest (@pittsburghvegfest) pittsburgh irish festival sept. 6-8, 2024 | carrie furnaces the pittsburgh irish festival happens each september and features authentic irish food, music and crafts. the original pittsburgh taco festival sept. 14, 2024 make time for the pittsburgh taco festival , an annual food festival that celebrates tacos and the city's latin-american community. lawrenceville cookie tour tbd 2024 the lawrenceville neighborhood hosts the annual joy of cookies cookie tour each december. this free, family-friendly event takes place at more than 30 participating businesses where cookie tourists can sample the shopkeeper's favorite cookie. view this post on instagram a post shared by brooklyn bagel at arsenal (@brooklynbagelatarsenal) apple festivals fall 2024 fall means apple season in pittsburgh and the surrounding region. don't-miss apple festivals include the hickory apple festival and delmont apple n arts festival which bring a healthy dose of family fun and hundreds of gallons of fresh cider to attendees. view this post on instagram a post shared by fishy things (@fishythings412) maple festivals march-april 2024 spring is maple season and the maple syrup festival in beaver county and maple taste & tour weekend and pa maple festival in somerset county are your ticket to tree tapping and the freshest maple syrup from the state's top producers. authentic experiences top beer festivals in pittsburgh learn more only in pittsburgh summer festivals & events learn more pittsburgh fall festivals 2024 guide | fairs, events & more learn more pittsburgh music festivals to jam to learn more restaurants & culinary learn more japanese restaurants in pittsburgh learn more dig in to pittsburgh restaurant week summer 2024 learn more the ultimate guide to italian restaurants in pittsburgh learn more insider’s guide: pittsburgh vegan restaurants & vegetable forward menus learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map