sportspittsburgh | the destination for iconic sports experiences skip to content contact us submit an rfp 54 ° f 0 saved navigation about sportspittsburgh bridge to your event meet the sportspittsburgh team sports event planner marketing tool kit submit an rfp sports event support sports facilities sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee calendar of events legendary sports city plan your trip ncaa in pittsburgh show your badge power of sports economy professional sports teams collegiate sports community involvement get involved with sportspittsburgh contact us submit an rfp welcome to the city of champions! sportspittsburgh showcases pittsburgh as the definitive destination for iconic sports experiences. sportspittsburgh, the sports development division of visitpittsburgh, is here to drive visitation and economic impact through hosting sports events in allegheny county. who we are our team is designed to support and guide you in ways that will ultimately result in your sports event being a major success. the experience and expertise our team offers in bid planning, marketing, event operations and many more aspects of the sports event process are second to none. we take great pride in playing a role in making pittsburgh such a spectacular sports destination. from the moment you choose pittsburgh , we can offer a wide range of events support services to ensure the success of your event. let's work together our world-class, versatile facilities and unmatched amenities will help create a wonderful experience for athletes, their families and the fans. america’s most popular sports cities. through sports development, marketing and event planning, collaboration with local programs, professional sports excellence and collegiate level competition, sportspittsburgh continues to tell the story of pittsburgh as the ultimate sports destination. our team is ready and prepared to crown all of your winning athletes in the city of champions. pittsburgh wins most ncaa events for any u.s. city eight ncaa preliminary and championships events will be held in the city of champions in… press release event expertise sports event planner learn more sports event attendee explore what makes pittsburgh a popular destination for athletes and fans. learn more about sportspittsburgh sportspittsburgh is a fully staffed division of visitpittsburgh that offers experience and expertise in sports development… learn more calendar of events check out what’s happening in sports. learn more ncaa in pittsburgh learn more sports facilities pittsburgh is home to a variety of versatile and world-renowned competition venues. learn more power of sports economy learn more plan your trip with the pittsburgh insiders guide learn more about sportspittsburgh get involved with sportspittsburgh contact us submit an rfp 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map