fun things to do in pittsburgh | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona mt. washington 📍 duquesne incline free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals home things to do things to do a city of multitudes pittsburgh is a modern, ever-evolving city where the must-sees vary week to week as downtown-encompassing festivals , a vibrant cultural district of world-class productions , fan-friendly sports events in iconic stadiums, and our distinct four seasons make each trip unique. add in our award-winning culinary scene, craft beverage -packed neighborhoods and renowned museums you can enjoy throughout the year, and the only thing you won't have on your itinerary is free time. need to extend your trip a day or two to get it all in? we figured . top free things to do in pittsburgh ​who said you have to spend money to have a good time? learn more top 25 things to do in pittsburgh wondering what there is to see in pittsburgh? we’ve put together an extensive list of must-visit… learn more pittsburgh sports in pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. learn more family fun won't you be our neighbor? learn more restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods learn more pittsburgh craft breweries cheers to a city that is full of craft beer culture. learn more arts & culture pittsburgh is a city of eclectic cultures, communities and neighborhoods that help create the vibrant arts… learn more inclines and trolleys and riverboats (oh my)! there are so many ways to tour and sightsee around the city of pittsburgh. you can take a tour by bike, trolley, boat, jet ski, kayak, funicular, bus or segway, or go old fashioned and explore on your own two feet. take a ride on the historic duquesne incline for panoramic views of the city's skyline and rivers. outdoor enthusiasts can hike, bike and picnic at the numerous parks and green spaces , including schenley park and point state park . our recommendation? pick one of our 90 neighborhoods that make the city unique and explore. credit | molly's trolleys pittsburgh credit | molly's trolleys pittsburgh this week in pittsburgh events that will pique your interests and inspire new adventures. let us plan for you please enable javascript to show the partner listings listings. free things to do there are plenty of free activities in pittsburgh. browse free events, museums and more here. free things to do top things to do between christmas & new years in pittsburgh hosting family for the holidays or looking to make the most of your time off? learn more pittsburgh holiday lights experience the sparkle this 2024 holiday season in pittsburgh! learn more top 11 things to do with a family in pittsburgh in pittsburgh, summer is the perfect time to explore all the family fun the city… learn more things to do between sporting events in pittsburgh coming to pittsburgh for the big game? here’s an insider’s guide to some cool, local… learn more a guide to market square located in the heart of downtown pittsburgh, market square is a must-see for tourists and… learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map