free things to do in pittsburgh today | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona 📍 north shore tribute to children home things to do free things to do top free things to do in pittsburgh ​who said you have to spend money to have a good time? not us! here are the top free things to do in pittsburgh. did you know? from picklesburgh to light up night and everything in between, many of pittsburgh's biggest annual events and festivals are completely free. view our annual events page , summer festivals , fall festivals , holiday events or city-wide events calendar to find affordable activities and events for every season. events & festivals live music art sports fans film buffs free events & festivals downtown walking tours see skyscrapers, soak up stories, scarf down a sandwich and more! download one or all six free self-guided walking tours of downtown pittsburgh to learn surprising tales from the past and see the best classic and modern skyscrapers. these tours, created by the pittsburgh history & landmarks foundation, are one of the best ways to experience pittsburgh's rich architectural history! download tour here if you happen to be touring downtown on the first or third mondays of the month through october, stop by the old allegheny county jail museum between 11:30 a.m. and 1 p.m. when a docent is available to tell the story of this historic building. old allegheny county jail museum self-guided tours the old allegheny county jail, as seen in the film "mrs. soffel," was completed in 1886 to the designs of boston architect h. h. richardson and in use until july 27, 1995. a portion of one of the cell blocks has been preserved as the "old allegheny county jail museum." enter the facility through the main ross street entrance (between 5th and forbes avenues behind the courthouse) or through the courtyard arch on fifth avenue. at either entrance, you will have to go through security. open mondays (except on government holidays), feb-oct, 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. view from mt. washington drive up mcardle roadway to mt. washington any evening to see why usa weekend called this vantage point "one of the top 10 most beautiful views in the country." daytime views are great too, and sightseeing can be paired with a visit to the emerald view park , a 257-acre green space. the view from mount washington step it up for an urban adventure go on an urban adventure and get a workout, too! pittsburgh boasts more than 700 outdoor stairways within the city limits. you can climb more than 24,000 vertical feet if you tackle them all! learn more about all the hiking and biking trails plus waterways - all waiting to be explored. the allegheny observatory take a free evening tour and see the night sky in a whole new light. the visit includes a short presentation, tour of the building and an opportunity to look through the telescope. reservations are required and the observatory operates on a seasonal schedule. the frick art & historical center take a step back in time to the gilded age in this beautifully preserved series of buildings and gardens right here in pittsburgh. the best part? it is completely free to tour the grounds, the frick art museum permanent collection and car and carriage museum. clayton sitting room at the frick pittsburgh museum & gardens credit | the frick pittsburgh nationality rooms at university of pittsburgh & heinz memorial chapel tour 30 classrooms designed to represent distinct nationalities and cultures. housed in the university's beautiful cathedral of learning building, these amazing classrooms are a must-see. just be aware, these are active classrooms during the semester, so specific rooms may be occupied for classes! farmers markets starting in late spring and going all through the fall months, our farmers markets are something to behold. try local foods, meet area farmers and mix with the locals at one of many fresh farm stands. take a sunset selfie at pittsburgh's most famous views we are a city of gorgeous hills and vistas. discover our best views and scenic overlooks and see if you can grab a selfie at each one! point state park and west end overlook are two of our favorites! credit | david dicello at the west end overlook fort pitt block house built in 1764, it is the only surviving structure of the original fort pitt , and is the oldest building in pittsburgh. it tells the story of western pennsylvania's role during the french & indian war and the american revolution. musket balls and rifle locks are two of the featured artifacts on display. ppg place and market square there's no cost to walk around beautiful market square and ppg place, located next to each other in the heart of downtown. you might see fountains going off in the summer, ice skaters and holiday lights in the winter, plus artisan markets, live music, a holiday shopping village and more in this happening area. dollar bank cinema in the park bring your blanket and some snacks and enjoy free cinema in the park ! this program takes over local parks throughout the city to show free movies. each location offers something different, whether you want to be in the heart of the action at schenley plaza or just take in scenic views from the west end elliott overlook. final fridays mingle with some of the top artists and entrepreneurs in the city each month at the glittering rose way for final fridays , located right by the warhol! rainbow walls, live music and a canopy of lights make this free event one of the best secrets in pittsburgh. a cash bar and food truck is also available. trundle manor when i asked the chatgpt ai the top hidden gem in pittsburgh, trundle manor was the top answer! a self-styled tourist trap, take a personal tour of the bizarre collection of taxidermy, weapons, medical devices and much more. while the tour is free, donations are appreciated! kelso museum the pittsburgh theological seminary has had biblical archaeology as a focus since 1908, eventually expanding into the kelso museum that highlights daily life in ancient times for those in modern day israel, west bank and jordan. admission and lectures are all free. the strip district the smells and sights are always free in the strip , a vibrant, walkable neighborhood full of international food, fresh markets, local beverages and tons of shopping. the strip is a great stop any time of year even if you're just browsing. the strip district credit | jody mader photography st. anthony's relics st. anthony is the catholic saint you pray to to find lost things, and a fitting person for st. anthony's chapel , which houses the largest collection of christian relics outside of the vatican. remember, this is an active place of worship, so please remain silent and dress modestly as you visit the chapel. rodef shalom biblical botanical garden visit the biblical lands without ever leaving the city! the biblical botanical garden is the largest garden of its kind in north america, and the only one with ongoing research and publication! waterfalls, streams and deserts adorn this garden with 100+ plants labeled with corresponding biblical verses. monuments and redbuds tours you can see some of the best monuments in the city without ever entering a museum. go on our north shore walking tour to see the site of the immaculate reception and much more, and in the springtime walk this same route to see the redbuds in bloom. redbuds in bloom dog days of summer bring your pup for some four-legged fun at parks throughout pittsburgh for a summer evening of fun and games. giveaway bags full of treats are also passed out at this free event . open streets the last sunday of may, june and july mean the return of open streets , the free community event that shuts down miles of city streets for you to enjoy via foot or bike. activity hubs scattered throughout the route are packed with kids activities, exercise programs, live music and more. karpeles manuscript library the former holy innocents church has been wonderfully repurposed into the free karpeles manuscript library . rotating exhibitions here feature historical documents from the realms of literature, science, religion, music and art. free live music relax and enjoy some free music at one of pittsburgh plazas, clubs or delicious restaurants . jazzlive relax and enjoy a free weekly jazz series taking place at the liberty magic theatre in the heart of the cultural district. this popular music series, presented by the pittsburgh cultural trust, showcases some of the region’s finest jazz musicians every tuesday. pittsburgh banjo club you'll receive a friendly welcome from the loyal crowd that gathers to sing along during the club's polished banjo night , which typically include 20 or more banjo players with a little brass backing from a tuba and horns. the mood is lively, the beer is cheap and the entry at the door is free (just ring the buzzer). every wednesday at 8 p.m. at the allegheny elks #339 (you don't need to be a member). pittsburgh banjo club pittsburgh opera's brown bag opera concerts tune your ears once a month at the bitz opera factory for free, intimate concerts at noon. bring your lunch and a friend and get the opportunity to meet the performers after the performance! music on the lawn the southside works is rocking every friday during summer from 6-10 p.m. with music on the lawn ! free live music as you enjoy this beautiful shopping and entertainment area, what else could you need? jam on walnut shadyside also brings live music to the neighborhood throughout the summer months, with all proceeds benefitting animal friends! the music is free, but the tempting shops and restaurants adorning the streets here might get in the way of a truly free evening. summer concert series live music fills outdoor amphitheaters in south park and hartwood acres with new bands each week of summer through labor day! bring your folding chairs and your leashed furry friends, too! free art see why the new yorker magazine said: "if pittsburgh were situated somewhere in the heart of europe, tourists would eagerly journey hundreds of miles out of their way to visit it." gallery crawls come "crawl" the galleries during these free quarterly showcases of art and entertainment in the heart of downtown's cultural district. get started at any gallery. unblurred: first fridays on penn penn avenue comes to life on #unblurred: first friday as local artists line the 4800-5500 blocks with photography, painting, music, dance and more as you shop local businesses. troy hill art houses see a full-size, working lighthouse built within an existing house as part of the troy hill art houses project. all three houses can be toured for free by appointment. a fourth house is coming to complete this project in spring 2024. view this post on instagram a post shared by troy hill art houses (@troyhillarthouses) gallery closed it's always free, and always open (despite being closed). that's the whole point of gallery closed , a unique art gallery you can only access by peering in two windows from the street at rotating exhibitions. you can't miss the gigantic historic plaque on the exterior of the building as well. miller ica at cmu the miller institute for contemporary art can be found on the campus of the prestigious carnegie mellon university. free to the public, the museum produces touring exhibitions, art projects, events and publications all centered around societal issues. murals create your own walking tour of public art and check out the fantastic murals that bring color and life to our 90 neighborhoods. follow our mural blog for some ideas to get you started, or follow the homewood experience and their custom mural route. homewood experience credit | eric blackwell pittsburgh art in public places downtown walking tour take a walking tour of pittsburgh's public art and see why pittsburgh consistently ranks among the best arts destinations in the country. tour four different downtown areas to learn more about public art, such as the sculpture in mellon square, the eyeball-shaped benches in katz plaza and the blue text on the convention center. download the free guides . pittsburgh art in public places oakland walking tour pittsburgh's oakland neighborhood, conceived in the 1890s as a cultural center with grand buildings and broad avenues, remains a hub for culture as well as education and medicine. explore 26 works of public art in this historic neighborhood, which features interesting architecture as well. download the free guide . pittsburgh glass center experience contemporary glass art as well as other extravagant and unique exhibitions at this center. exhibitions change to include a number of different experiences. open monday-friday 10 a.m.-7 p.m. and saturday-sunday 11 a.m.-4 p.m. pittsburgh glass center society for contemporary craft drop in for exhibitions and family friendly, hands-on art activities that are free to the public, and don't miss browsing in the tantalizing store. located in the strip district, the scc offers cutting-edge exhibitions and has presented contemporary art in craft media by international, national and regional artists since 1971. open monday-saturday: 10 a.m.-5 p.m. pittsburgh cultural trust galleries wood street galleries take some time to muse about the new multi-disciplinary media artists from all around the globe. the wood street galleries are located at 601 wood street, above the t station at wood street and sixth avenue. space wander into an integrated and open art ecosystem where you can explore the creation of both established and contemporary technologies, and the promotion of local artists outside of the region. 937 liberty gallery this newly renovated space hosts artists from local to international around timely issues and contemporary works . 707 penn gallery expect an intimate viewing experience in this space highlighting solo and two-person contemporary art . 820 liberty gallery this gallery spotlights new artistic voices in collaboration with community leaders and neighborhood organizations in the city. wood street galleries free things for sports fans sites of immaculate reception & forbes field you don't need to go to a museum for sports history. see the site of the most celebrated play in sports history, the immaculate reception, at the monument in the north shore, then head to oakland to see the historic plaque and flagpole that remains from forbes field, the site of four world series wins for the pirates . immaculate reception monument - a holy pilgrimage for any non-raiders football fan josh gibson heritage park found in station square, josh gibson heritage park honors and tells the history of pittsburgh's negro league greats including gibson, satchel paige and cool papa bell and the teams they played on. free things for film buffs find famous filming locations referred to as hollywood east, pittsburgh has had 250+ movies and tv shows shot here since 1990. george a. romero's night of the living dead showed pittsburgh's potential as a filming location, including the dark knight rises, fences, flashdance and the silence of the lambs. follow our guide to where to find shoot locations for your favorite movie or tv show made right here: romero library want to dive deeper into the horror legend's career? schedule a visit to the george a. romero archival collection , housed at the university of pittsburgh, to continue your research. more free things to enjoy! enter here if you wonder what the new york times meant by calling pittsburgh the "only city with an entrance," simply drive from the parkway west (i-376) into downtown via the fort pitt tunnel and bridge (the main route from the airport). watch for it: you won't want to miss a detail of the spectacular skyline and sparkling rivers as they appear suddenly before you. free wireless internet you won't have to pay to stay connected in the 'burgh. for two hours, connect to the internet anywhere downtown for free! free transportation go underground in pittsburgh's subway, called the "t," which you can ride for free within the golden triangle. downtown stops include wood street station, us steel tower, first avenue and gateway and also the two north shore stops to explore our stadiums and businesses in that neighborhood by foot. park for free on sunday downtown street parking is free on sundays and holidays! this week in pittsburgh events that will pique your interests and inspire new adventures. let us plan for you top 25 things to do in pittsburgh wondering what there is to see in pittsburgh? we’ve put together an extensive list of must-visit attractions worth adding to your itinerary. learn more credit | dustin mcgrew authentic experiences parks western pennsylvania is home to some of the most diverse landscape in the united states. learn more public art explore pittsburgh's public art with one of our walking tour itineraries. you don't need to go… learn more outdoor adventure the ultimate urban excursion awaits! learn more arts & culture pittsburgh is a city of eclectic cultures, communities and neighborhoods that help create the vibrant arts… learn more family fun won't you be our neighbor? learn more more budget-friendly ideas 12 places to grab lunch for under $10 in pittsburgh learn more pittsburgh’s must-see murals learn more monuments, memorials & sculptures | a north shore walking tour learn more historical sites to visit learn more share your story on social #lovepgh plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map