things to do in pittsburgh with kids | visit pittsburgh | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona 📍 oakland carnegie museum of natural history home things to do family fun family fun won't you be our neighbor? go ahead, bring the little ones it's no surprise that the home of fred rogers is filled with family fun. the family attractions in our neighbohood make up kidsburgh ®, the ultimate destination for adventurers of all ages. explore child-friendly museums where you'll travel to the moon and mars , tap into your creative side and stay active with hands-on exhibits. then, head to the thrill of our theme parks , get up close to the animals at our zoo and aviary and cap it all off with a frozen treat . please enable javascript to show the partner listings listings. related blog posts pittsburgh: a family travel destination pittsburgh is especially family friendly thanks to its many unique, affordable attractions and activities for… learn more 10 things to do on pittsburgh’s three rivers your guide to getting out on pittsburgh's iconic three rivers learn more family time in the north shore & northside neighborhoods multigenerational family fun in pittsburgh learn more how to ride the pittsburgh inclines inclines, commonly known as funiculars railways, can be found all over the world and throughout… learn more top 11 things to do with a family in pittsburgh in pittsburgh, summer is the perfect time to explore all the family fun the city… learn more top green spaces and public parks in pittsburgh your guide to getting outside and enjoying green spaces and public parks in pittsburgh learn more suggested content top free things to do in pittsburgh learn more events & festivals learn more neighborhoods learn more things to do learn more pittsburgh sports learn more museums learn more this week in pittsburgh events that will pique your interests and inspire new adventures. let us plan for you plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map