pittsburgh sightseeing tours - visit pittsburgh | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona 📍 strip district burgh bits & bites food tour home things to do tours & sightseeing tours & sightseeing ​however you like to roll, pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you. by land or water, on four wheels or two, tour and experience pittsburgh first hand. tag along with knowledgeable guides for free walking tours of downtown, or take food tour to sample pittsburgh's authentic culinary prowess . get out on the water aboard the gateway clipper or the rivers of steel riverboat. keep active with a bike tour or keep it interesting on a segway , there's something incredible to see in pittsburgh, no matter how you get there. please enable javascript to show the partner listings listings. related blog posts how to ride the pittsburgh inclines inclines, commonly known as funiculars railways, can be found all over the world and throughout history. details tour the ​ ‘ burgh here are a few unique ways to get a great sense of the city. details 6 must-see places in pittsburgh add a visit these must-see places to your next pittsburgh adventure! details top free things to do in pittsburgh ​who said you have to spend money to have a good time? details pittsburgh walking tours walk, tour, eat and explore details monuments, memorials & sculptures | a north shore walking tour monuments, memorials, sculptures and history along the river front details 25 famous pittsburgh bridges learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map