outdoor recreation in pittsburgh | golf, trails, parks & fishing | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona 📍 downtown pittsburgh bike the burgh tours golf courses in pittsburgh fishing & boating trails parks biking in pittsburgh home things to do outdoor adventure outdoor adventure the ultimate urban excursion awaits! golf, boat, bike and explore the outdoors in pittsburgh wrapped in rivers, intertwined with trails and packed with parks, pittsburgh is full of outdoor adventure. bike, walk or rollerblade miles of riverfront trails, soaking in fantastic urban views. bicycle rentals are available along the trail. guided hikes offer another way to see the city. rent a kayak and paddle your way along the river. pittsburgh boasts a lush and diverse landscape and is filled with endless recreational opportunities for every outdoor enthusiast. golf pennsylvania is home to more than 500 public golf courses , with many of the best located in the pittsburgh area. enjoy championship play that is second to none. see more fishing, kayaking & boating the pittsburgh region provides almost unlimited opportunities for fishing and boating fun . pittsburgh's rivers are ideal for sculling, kayaking, canoeing and powerboating. see more parks & trails western pennsylvania is home to some of the most diverse landscape in the u.s. on foot, by bike or in the water, the ways to experience pittsburgh and allegheny county trails and parks are endless. hike, bike, hunt, fish or ride through the many beautiful city, county and state parks if your wanderlust reaches beyond the city limits, head off on the 150-mile great allegheny passage, which begins at pittsburgh's point state park, links with the c&o canal towpath in maryland and then takes you all the way to the nation's capital for a spectacular 335-mile trail adventure! take time to enjoy a detour on the montour trail - 60 miles of scenic pedestrian & bicycle rail-trail from coraopolis on the ohio river to clairton on the monongahela. download the official guide for pennsylvania state parks & forests app for iphone and android before setting off on your visit to pittsburgh and its countryside. please enable javascript to show the partner listings listings. related blogs the best pittsburgh rock climbing spots learn more top 12 pittsburgh public golf courses learn more 5 spectacular stops along the great allegheny passage learn more 10 things to do on pittsburgh’s three rivers learn more pittsburgh in two hours learn more pittsburgh: an urban adventure destination learn more 25 famous pittsburgh bridges learn more top 10 rv parks near pittsburgh learn more more to explore parks western pennsylvania is home to some of the most diverse landscape in the united states. details top free things to do in pittsburgh ​who said you have to spend money to have a good time? details fishing, kayaking & boating pittsburgh sits at a unique confluence of rivers unlike any other in the world, diverse and more abundant than any other state except alaska. details tours & sightseeing ​however you like to roll, pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you. details pictured | burgh bits & bites food tour trails on foot, by bike or in the water, the ways to experience pittsburgh and allegheny county are endless. details golf courses in pittsburgh pittsburgh boasts a rich golf history. details plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map