health & wellness in pittsburgh | directory and maps | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home things to do health & wellness health & wellness enter a world of soothing sounds, invigorating aromas and luxury at one of the pittsburgh region's premier salons and spas. wellness awaits at one of the pittsburgh region's cutting-edge salons and comfortable spas, where talented aestheticians will pamper you and boost your sense of well-being with a facial, mani-pedi, therapeutic massage or customized body treatment. update your personal style with a new cut and color before hitting the town. please enable javascript to show the partner listings listings. related blog posts pittsburgh pampering: spas and relaxation experiences for everyone everyone deserves to indulge in self care, and lucky for you, we've got a great list of local spas that… details holistic wellness in pittsburgh there are many ways to enjoy the benefits of holistic medicine in pittsburgh, here are just a few. details best brunch in the ​ ‘ burgh it's a known fact: pittsburgh does brunch well. here are a few suggestions to get you started in the right… details plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map