pittsburgh, pa sports teams | steelers, pirates, penguins & riverhounds | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona pittsburgh steelers pittsburgh pirates pittsburgh penguins college sports other sports teams history of the terrible towel pittsburgh riverhounds home things to do pittsburgh sports teams pittsburgh sports in pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. come see for yourself why sporting news magazine awarded pittsburgh the coveted "best sports city" title and why the usa today 10 best reader's choice poll named pittsburgh as one of the winners of the "best city for sports" travel award. if its action you want, this city has it covered with the best of football, baseball, hockey and more. grab your terrible towel and visit acrisure stadium to watch the six-time super bowl champion pittsburgh steelers. head to ppg paints arena and join in all the excitement when the penguins take the ice. the pirates make a perfect summer night complete as you watch the game from pnc park, rated by travel & leisure as the "best baseball stadium in america !" sports teams pittsburgh steelers pittsburgh is officially "sixburgh" as the steelers became the first team in nfl history to win six super bowl titles! steelers nation spreads far and wide, so grab your terrible towel and come celebrate where it all originates: the home of the world champion pittsburgh steelers. here we go! where to see them: acrisure stadium capacity: 68,400 (record is 70,622 for the 2022 backyard brawl between pitt and west virginia) opened: 2001 also home to: university of pittsburgh panthers d1 football, rib fest known for: terrible towels waving, "renegade" being played in the fourth quarter, incredible skyline views fun fact: this stadium hosted two outdoor hockey games - the 2011 nhl winter classic and 2017 nhl stadium series. did you know? pittsburgh pirates you can always count on the pittsburgh pirates for an exciting summer of baseball! raise the jolly roger at pnc park , hailed as one of the best ballparks in the country. let's go bucs! where to see them: pnc park capacity: 38,362 opened: 2001 also home to: all star craft beer, wine and cocktail festival known for: skyline views, fireworks nights, the pittsburgh pierogi race, fantastic local food and brews fun facts: 70 home run balls have exited the stadium and splashed into the allegheny river, but only five have landed in the river without bouncing. did you know? pnc park offers stadium tours all season long that take you onto the field for an up-close look at this magnificent stadium. pittsburgh penguins the ice might be cold, but the pittsburgh penguins are hot! when the five-time stanley cup champions take the ice at ppg paints arena it's "a great day for hockey." tickets sell out fast, so don't be left out of the action! let's go pens! where to see them: ppg paints arena capacity: 18,387 opened: 2010 also home to: ncaa ice hockey and basketball tournaments known for: the antics of iceburgh (the penguins' mascot), rc cola, fantastic concerts, wwe live events, monster jam and other family events fun fact: the penguins had a record-setting sellout streak that lasted 14 years and 633 consecutive games from 2007-2021, resulting in three stanley cups. did you know? ppg paints arena offers free skates on select dates throughout the year. look for announcements on social media. credit | dave dicello pittsburgh riverhounds pittsburgh is becoming a part on america’s growing soccer landscape with the riverhounds! take in a great city skyline at highmark stadium at station square and help turn pittsburgh into a #houndtahn! where to see them: highmark stadium capacity: 5,000 opened: 2012 also home to: blues & heritage festival, wpial soccer championships known for: trains rumbling by during games, steel army supporters section fun fact: a riverhound isn't a type of dog! it's a nickname for the people who operate coal barges on the river. did you know? the on-field party box is one of the best luxury boxes in town, offering unmatched on-the-field views with seating for up to 60. credit | chris cowger coming soon... starting in 2025, the riverhounds ownership group will have an all-new usl w league team competing at the pre-professional level. look for names, logos and much more on this coming soon. other pittsburgh sports teams in addition to the steelers, penguins and pirates, this world-class sports town boasts teams in everything from women's football to ultimate frisbee, roller derby, armored combat and esports! other sports attractions heinz history center-western pennsylvania sports museum the western pennsylvania sports museum, a state-of-the-art museum at the senator john heinz history center , features a stunning collection of one-of-a-kind sports artifacts and interactive exhibits that celebrate the rich tradition of sports in our region. when it comes to sports pride and sports history, no other region in the world is like western pennsylvania. engine house no.25 this historic firehouse now holds some of the most fascinating memorabilia of roberto clemente . schedule a tour to see the paintings, photographs, letters and more and learn about the personal and professional journey of this beloved pirates player. pittsburgh vintage grand prix ladies and gentleman, start your engines! don't miss this 10-day festival of motorsport events culminating with the annual vintage races and car show at schenley park on the third weekend of july. free to spectators. collegiate sports pittsburgh is a world-class sports town and home to many ncaa division 1 universities, some right in the heart of the city, including the university of pittsburgh, duquesne university and robert morris university. each school has a variety of sports teams, including football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis…the list goes on! in this section pittsburgh steelers learn more pittsburgh pirates learn more pittsburgh penguins learn more college sports learn more other sports teams learn more history of the terrible towel learn more pittsburgh riverhounds learn more related blog posts insider’s guide to the steelers hall of honor museum relive 90 years of steelers history with interactive exhibits for all fans of the black and gold details a guide to acrisure stadium for steelers fans in town for a big game? we've got the scoop on how to enjoy a steelers game in the ultimate… details what to eat at pnc park ​spending the day watching baseball at pnc park is a real treat. details roberto clemente, pittsburgh’s hero! pittsburgh's biggest baseball legend is roberto clemente and his impact on baseball and on pittsburgh still remain. details a guide to ppg paints arena for penguins fans in town for your first pens game? we answer all your questions. details pittsburgh steelers hall of famers a look at the city of champions' recent honors with hall of fame enshrinements and retired numbers. details ultimate steelers gameweek guide steelers nation! in pittsburgh for the big game? we've got the scoop on how to enjoy the ultimate sports city! details steelers nation, here we go! let's celebrate the pittsburgh steelers  – here and around the world. details eating your way through pittsburgh sports ​experience pittsburgh’s food scene through our local sports scene details save pittsburgh penguins 1001 fifth ave., ppg paints arena pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15219 details open in google maps map pittsburgh penguins pittsburgh penguins 1001 fifth ave., ppg paints arena pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15219 (412) 642-7367 details website save pittsburgh pirates at pnc park 115 federal st., pnc park at the north shore pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15212 details open in google maps map pittsburgh pirates at pnc park pittsburgh pirates at pnc park 115 federal st., pnc park at the north shore pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15212 (412) 323-5000 details website museums from history, art, science, sports and more, pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored. learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map