pittsburgh marathons, runs, and walks | outdoor events | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home events & festivals marathons, runs & walks marathons, runs, walks & races run, walk or trot through the neighborhoods of pittsburgh during some of the fastest growing racing events in the nation. the topography of the city and the uniqueness of the neighborhoods give these events a distinctive feel. the rolling hills, glistening rivers and seemingly endless bridges create the perfect backdrop to keep you moving. whether you're looking to have a fun mile, tackle your first marathon, cycle some of the steepest hills in the city, or have some friendly competition on the water, pittsburgh has what you're looking for. pittsburgh marathon - may there are several races under the p3r banner, including the annual dick's sporting goods pittsburgh marathon in may. in addition, race weekend features the upmc health plan half marathon, fedex pittsburgh marathon relay, upmc health plan/upmc sports medicine pittsburgh 5k run, chick-fil-a pittsburgh kids marathon, pittsburgh pet walk fueled by pro plan and sheetz pittsburgh toddler trot. more than 30,000 participants cross the finish line during this weekend of fun running events. rush to crush cancer - spring the rush to crush cancer is a ride with three distance options to choose from to pedal and partner for cancer research. a survivor's walk will also happen race weekend. america's mile - summer the unique america's mile road race is short, fast and fun. set against pittsburgh's breathtaking north shore, choose your challenge from diverse heats for all ages and abilities then meet at the finish line for the mile 1.1 post-race party. view this post on instagram a post shared by p3r (@p3rmovespgh) habitat pittsburgh's youth triathlon - summer habitat for humanity pittsburgh lets kids of all ability levels ages 7-15 run, swim and bike in this fun and accessible triathlon. this event happens at the north park pool every summer, and all kids get a shirt to tie-dye and a medal for participating. hell hath no hurry - summer go outside of your comfort zone and challenge yourself with the thrilling race run and walk options at hell hath no hurry. held at the scenic settlers cabin park, everything from a 10k to a 50-mile race and relay is here for runners to tackle. yinzer 4.12k - summer don your best yinzer outfit, grab the heinz ketchup and meet us at the north shore for this fun run complete with food trucks, live music and tons to do on the great lawn. view this post on instagram a post shared by p3r (@p3rmovespgh) rachel carson trail challenge - summer held on the longest day of the year, the rachel carson trail challenge's main race is 36-mile endurance hike that goes from sunrise to sunset in north park. an 18-mile hike and 7-mile family challenge also occur that same day. steelers run and walk - labor day weekend every steelers season kicks off with this fun event which weaves through the north shore and finishes right on the field where the steelers play at acrisure stadium. a kids fun run for those 9 and under also happens the same weekend eqt ten miler - fall pittsburgh's newest road race, the eqt pittsburgh 10 miler features a classic 10-mile distance highlighting some of pittsburgh's unique neighborhoods including the west end, north side, lawrenceville and the strip district. the course begins on west carson street near highmark stadium and crosses four bridges before finishing in front of eqt headquarters on liberty avenue, downtown. pittsburgh great race - fall the other major race happening each year in pittsburgh is the richard s. caliguiri city of pittsburgh great race at the end of september. take part in the 5k run & fitness walk or the 10k run. view this post on instagram a post shared by the great race (@greatracepgh) gap relay - fall spanning two days and the entirety of the 150-mile great allegheny passage, the gap relay starts in maryland and finishes right here in pittsburgh. a one day, 40-mile adventure option is also available. dirty dozen - late fall take on 13 of pittsburgh's steepest hills in this bike challenge. riders must bike up the hills in one motion without stopping or crashing to earn the prestige of being a dirty dozen finisher. the race includes the infamous canton avenue hill, which boasts a 37 percent grade and is speculated to be the steepest paved city street in the world. other fun races & events other fun races around the city include the run around the square in pittsburgh's regent square neighborhood and the ymca thanksgiving day turkey trot . or, climb some serious stairs that lead to amazing city views. pittsburgh has more than 716 sets of steps in 66 of its 90 neighborhoods. the annual steptrek on the south side of pittsburgh takes you up a series of public stairways. view this post on instagram a post shared by p3r (@p3rmovespgh) authentic experiences trails learn more hotels & resorts learn more plan your trip learn more biking in pittsburgh learn more related blog posts insider’s guide: the pittsburgh marathon get the inside tips and tricks about how to make the most of marathon weekend in pittsburgh learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map