top hotels & resorts in pittsburgh | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona oakland 📍 the oaklander hotel home hotels & resorts hotels & resorts no trip to pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. a relaxing stay awaits in pittsburgh after enjoying a busy day in our city of multitudes, it's time to relax and recharge. luckily, pittsburgh's hotels and resorts have you covered with options for luxury or budget-friendly, historic or modern, and plenty of spots with a grand view. view all hotels in pittsburgh faqs hotels in pittsburgh please enable javascript to show the partner listings listings. neighborhoods ​pittsburgh is not only defined by its skyline and its sports teams, but also by its 90 vibrant and welcoming neighborhoods. learn more things to do explore our ultimate guide on things to do in the city of multitudes. learn more frequently asked questions 1. when is the best time to visit pittsburgh? pittsburgh offers year-round fun for all visitors, whether you're embarking on a family-friendly adventure or a romantic getaway . with a variety of annual events and iconic attractions , there's no shortage of unforgettable memories in our city. 2. what are some of the top attractions in pittsburgh? duquesne incline , acrisure stadium , and phipps conservatory and botanical gardens are just some of the must-visit attractions in pittsburgh. we've got all of your interests covered with a wide assortment of activities. sports fans, foodies, art aficionados, and wildlife enthusiasts will enjoy diving into various one-of-a-kind experiences. 3. which pittsburgh hotels are dog-friendly? there are plenty of dog-friendly hotels offering accommodating services and amenities. look through our guide on dog-friendly hotels in pittsburgh, finding the best stay for your furry companion. explore more 6 pittsburgh hotel restaurants you need to try learn more keep on rockin’ at the oaklander recording studio learn more pittsburgh’s rooftops learn more the oaklander: the hotel for travelers of all types learn more paradise in pittsburgh learn more pittsburgh in two hours learn more top 10 rv parks near pittsburgh learn more dog-friendly hotels in pittsburgh learn more modern upscale hotels in pittsburgh learn more events & festivals ​there's always something happening in pittsburgh. learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map