official pittsburgh travel guide | visit pittsburgh | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide pittsburgh insiders guide get your one-stop guide for everything to see and do in pittsburgh. get inspired for your next safe getaway to pittsburgh with our 2025 pittsburgh insider's guide. discover local favorites and only-in-pittsburgh attractions, learn more about the city’s art and music communities, explore the region’s pet-friendly offerings, plan for the perfect outdoor excursion and so much more. and, as you flip through our engaging magazine, follow the targeted qr codes back to visitpittsburgh.com, where you will learn even more about pittsburgh’s fantastic offerings. 2025 pittsburgh insiders guide request the 2025 guide! just published! sign up below to have the new 2025 pittsburgh insider's guide sent to you! pittsburgh see & do guide jan-apr 2025 welcome to pittsburgh, a city of endless possibilities! make the most of your trip! explore our 90 unique neighborhoods, discover incredible restaurants and breweries, and experience our must-see attractions. your perfect long weekend starts here. authentic experiences top free things to do in pittsburgh ​who said you have to spend money to have a good time? learn more family fun won't you be our neighbor? learn more tours & sightseeing ​however you like to roll, pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you. learn more outdoor adventure the ultimate urban excursion awaits! learn more arts & culture pittsburgh is a city of eclectic cultures, communities and neighborhoods that help create the vibrant… learn more museums from history, art, science, sports and more, pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored. learn more shopping calling all shopaholics! learn more events & festivals ​there's always something happening in pittsburgh. learn more hotels & resorts no trip to pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. learn more restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods learn more related blog posts homewood is home there is no limit to the joy one can feel with the support of their community. details french fries and five year olds nothing gives a grandma more pleasure than feeding her baby’s baby! details 5 spectacular stops along the great allegheny passage the great allegheny passage is a 150-mile trail offering spectacular bicycling adventures that starts right in downtown pittsburgh details black-owned businesses in pittsburgh support black-owned businesses in pittsburgh. details what’s cooking pittsburgh from chef-driven dishes to new restaurant offerings, pittsburgh has built a reputation as a foodie city. details pittsburgh’s arts scene pittsburgh’s arts community has been an integral part of the city for years, with the legacy of former visionaries such… details pittsburgh’s must-see murals from portraits of pittsburgh legends to community-created masterpieces, there are so many incredible murals to discover in pittsburgh. details pittsburgh’s music scene pittsburgh's music scene is full of talented artists you don't want to miss! details 13 obscure & unusual pittsburgh stops explore the off-the-beaten path and uncover the obscure side of pittsburgh. details plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map