beyond pittsburgh | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home plan your trip beyond pittsburgh beyond pittsburgh come out to play in southwestern pennsylvania, where there’s a world of fun waiting in our neighboring counties! pittsburgh is an easily accessible city with so much to see and do within the 90 neighborhoods and allegheny county. and, the fun extends beyond our county. enhance your next visit to the pittsburgh region with an excursion or two to one of our surrounding counties. from skiing to boating and everything in between, outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy all four seasons in southwestern pennsylvania. ask any local, and they’ll say a trip in the fall is a must so you can experience the vibrant colors of the changing leaves throughout the region. and, when the weather isn’t cooperating, fear not – there’s plenty of cultural offerings, restaurants and breweries waiting to welcome you, too. read on to learn what adventures await beyond pittsburgh! armstrong county pack the clubs and book a tee time at the links at spring church, an 18-hole public golf course and driving range known for its beautiful surroundings and tranquil setting. for a more upscale experience, head to lenape heights golf resort and enjoy dinner and drinks on the outdoor terrace after your time on the greens. don’t miss the chance to ride a piece of pennsylvania history on the kiski junction railroad, a real working freight train offering scenic tourist train rides. and, swing by the nellie bly memorial in ford city and pay homage to the american journalist who is best known for her record-breaking 72-day trip around the world. beaver county learn more about the harmony society, one of the oldest and most successful religious communal groups of the 19th century, at old economy village in ambridge. a national historic landmark with both guided and self-guided tours, period-dressed docents will lead you on a tour of the original buildings and beautiful gardens. art fans will want to visit merrick art gallery in new brighton – it houses a stunning collection of 18th and 19th century european and american paintings. have a need for speed? see the professionals in action at the pittsburgh international race complex. butler county head north of pittsburgh and enjoy lake arthur, the largest manmade lake in pennsylvania, at moraine state park, where 71 miles of trails and 42 miles of shoreline provide endless opportunities for outdoor fun. visitors can hike, bike, boat, ride their horses, snowmobile…the list goes on and on. make sure you pack a picnic! indoors, bask in the beauty of the maridon museum, the only museum in the region with a specific focus on chinese and japanese art and culture. for family fun, enjoy a day at altitude trampoline park, which houses more than 40,000 square feet of indoor trampolines! and, for those trips without the kids, navigate your way through the butler county beer circuit, a self-guided tour of local brew pubs. greene county tucked in the southwest corner of pennsylvania is greene county, a charming destination that's not afraid to relax and enjoy the simpler things. enjoy a leisurely tour of the region's seven covered bridges, grab your instagram photo of the numerous mail pouch barns, and shop like your ancestors at the general store. tour an alpaca farm and buy authentic alpaca clothing at lippencott alpacas. on summer evenings, you might hear the roar of tractors at the greene county fairgrounds, motorcycles at high point raceway and trucks at the lucas oil pulling league champions tour. indiana county little known fact….indiana county is the “christmas tree capital of the world!” take in all the nature sites along 64 miles of walking and biking trails that meander along abandoned railroad route on the hoodlebug and ghost town trails. or, visit smicksburg, home to an old order amish community, artisans, potters, restaurants and more, and reminisce about a simpler life. no trip is complete without a stop at the jimmy stewart museum, dedicated to the hometown hero’s accomplishments through his film, military, personal and civic life exhibits. don’t miss the many trendy and hip distillery, breweries and vineyards! laurel highlands welcome home, adventure fanatics! take advantage of the awesome outdoor experiences at ohiopyle state park, pennsylvania’s largest state park. from camping to rock climbing , stand-up paddle boarding, white water rafting and more – you’ll wish there were more hours in a day. kid-friendly adventure awaits at idlewild & soakzone – named “best children’s park” by amusement today. and, the fun doesn’t end in the winter months, with skiing, tubing, snowboarding and more snow fun offered at seven springs mountain resort. looking to unwind? marvel at frank lloyd wright’s architectural wonders , like fallingwater, then relax with a spa day at nemacolin. lawrence county located north of pittsburgh, lawrence county will transport you to another world quite the opposite of city living, and you'll soon be sharing the road with horses and buggies. go on a simple life amish tour and visit amish farms, bakeries and furniture stores and see how lifestyles from the 16th-century are preserved today. take a walking tour of victorian-style mansions in the north hill district, the third-largest historic district in pa. watch giant hot air balloons fill the sky, glow and dance to the music at western pa balloon quest. monroeville your gateway to pittsburgh from the east, monroeville is a unique combination of things to do indoors and out. boyce park offers four seasons of fun, covering more than 1,000 acres of trails and picnic areas. hit the wave pool in the summer and the slopes in the winter with skiing and snowtubing. have the need for speed? race high-performance karts year-round at steel city karting, pittsburgh's first all-electric indoor go-kart track. horror fans shamble and crawl to monroeville mall, the main set piece featured in “dawn of the dead” (1978), for living dead weekend, complete with tours, celebrity panels and photo ops with the cast. washington county a short drive south of pittsburgh provides the chance to experience what life was like for prehistoric americans at meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village, a national historic landmark. visitors also can familiarize themselves with rural life over the last 500 years through a series of interpretive villages. for a more modern-day look at history, view a collection of nearly 50 trolley cars at the pennsylvania trolley museum. from a plethora of antique offerings to outlet shopping, flex your retail muscle in washington county. or, enjoy the more than 3,100 slots and 80 table games, premier restaurants, racing, bowling and more at the meadows. related blog posts guide to frank lloyd wright’s fallingwater take a tour of fallingwater while you're in pittsburgh! details white water rafting in ohiopyle ohiopyle state park spans 20,500 acres of the laurel highlands and offers adventure and excitement. details historical sites to visit it’s no secret that pittsburgh has been an influential city for centuries, and the evidence can be found all around… details learning washington county history ​ “ pandemic” style in this history-making year, the washington county historical society is helping students connect with our region’s storied past. details pittsburgh fall festivals 2024 guide | fairs, events & more colorful foliage. crisp air. pumpkins. what's not to love about fall? details the essential gardens to visit in pittsburgh if you’ve got french fries on your deli sandwich and the folks around you can correctly pronounce monongahela, you’re probably… details plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map