explore black culture & heritage | only in pittsburgh | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona black history & historical sites the underground railroad pittsburgh – the fort knox of jazz august wilson african american cultural center heinz history center home plan your trip explore black culture & heritage explore black culture & heritage built by a rich history, pittsburgh's cultural offerings and welcoming people make our vibrant city a must-see destination. pittsburgh welcomes all those who are seeking authentic, personalized experiences to discover the diversity of the city and celebrate what makes our 90 neighborhoods unique. when you take the time to walk pittsburgh’s neighborhoods or enjoy one of the city’s many cultural festivals, you quickly learn that it is the people of pittsburgh that truly make this a special place. black-owned businesses from restaurants and bars to shops, art, events and wellness, you won't want to miss these local favorites shop local jazz in pittsburgh did you know that pittsburgh had a profound influence on the american musical artform of jazz? learn more pittsburgh’s barrel & flow fest celebrate black artists, craft brews and the arts at the award-winning barrel & flow fest aug. 10, 2024 details in this section black history & historical sites take a journey through more than 200 years of the black experience in southwestern pennsylvania. learn more the underground railroad the underground railroad was undoubtedly one of the most significant forms of activism in our nation's… learn more pittsburgh – the fort knox of jazz in the 21st century era of world music, it is imperative that america's most important cultural… learn more august wilson african american cultural center august wilson african american cultural center champions artists and programs that reflect universal issues of identity… learn more heinz history center welcome to the smithsonian's home in pittsburgh learn more related blog posts pittsburgh with a mix of culture & flavor historically, pittsburgh has always contributed to the fostering of black cultural excellence. details insider’s guide: august wilson: the writer’s landscape explore the august wilson african american cultural center's first permanent exhibition dedicated to the life and legacy of pittsburgh’s favorite… details homewood is home there is no limit to the joy one can feel with the support of their community. details pittsburgh celebrates black history for more than 200 years, southwestern pennsylvania has been impacted by the achievements and influence of the black community details make it a weekend: a pittsburgh black-owned itinerary support black-owned businesses, explore historic neighborhoods and celebrate black art details pittsburgh exhibits personify the black travel experience explore the extraordinary exhibits that amplify stories of empowerment, celebration, and the profound legacy of black travel that shaped communities… details plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map