lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh | travel tips and information | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona lgbtqia+ resources tag approved hotels things to do nightlife restaurants home plan your trip lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh ​get out and explore all that pittsburgh has to offer! from a vibrant arts and culture scene, outdoor adventures, rich history, a fantastic food scene and so much more – you’ll find plenty of welcoming and inclusive things to see and do. from a vibrant arts and culture scene, outdoor adventures, rich history, a fantastic food scene and so much more – you’ll find plenty of welcoming and inclusive things to see and do. stay a while pittsburgh is home to a number of tag approved® hotels offering fantastic accommodations. whether you’re looking to stay downtown or in the neighborhoods, amenities range from lush, boutique-style rooms to rooftop biergartens. it’s safe to say pittsburgh has you covered – quite comfily may we add. get out and play! pittsburgh is home to a thriving arts and culture and scene. a visit to the andy warhol museum is a must. explore decades of artworks and collections of the pittsburgh-native andy warhol, who openly expressed his queer identity and life in art. and, be sure to make time to explore the mattress factory , a unique, contemporary art museum that features site-specific installations, like the late greer lankton’s it’s all about me, not you. lankton is remembered for eloquently exploring and questioning the norms of gender and sexuality. be seen! reel q produces events and film screenings throughout the year, including the flagship annual festival, reel q: pittsburgh lgbtq+ film festival. the organization’s mission is to increase availability and accessibility of queer film in pittsburgh and the surrounding areas. dine out! there’s no shortage of fantastic restaurants in pittsburgh, too. from quick bites in local favorite spots to delicious meals with breathtaking skyline views, you’ve got your choice of delectable picks. make sure you schedule a stop in east liberty to check out square café , a colorful café known for tasty and creative breakfast, brunch and lunch offerings in a super welcoming space. in this section lgbtqia+ resources offering a wide variety of events and things to do. pittsburgh, pa has great central locations… learn more tag approved hotels ​pittsburgh's many hotels offer luxury and convenience to some of the city's best cultural treasures. learn more things to do a city of multitudes learn more nightlife now for the after party! learn more restaurants pittsburgh, a city known for its culinary creations! learn more related blogs insider’s guide: the andy warhol museum safely experience pop art icon andy warhol's artwork at the andy warhol museum. details unexpected arts discover unique art venues in pittsburgh, including the andy warhol museum and mattress factory. details 6 must-see places in pittsburgh add a visit these must-see places to your next pittsburgh adventure! details pittsburgh’s hidden gems when i think about folks visiting pittsburgh, my mind wanders toward experiences with some really unique takeaways details 13 obscure & unusual pittsburgh stops explore the off-the-beaten path and uncover the obscure side of pittsburgh. details pittsburgh pride 2024 pittsburgh pride returns may 26, may 31-june 2, 2024 details plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map