planning college visits to pittsburgh | campus tours | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona burgh101 home plan your trip college visits college visits ​thinking of attending college in pittsburgh? coming for a campus visit? look no further for information on hotel accommodations , restaurants and events to make your stay hassle-free and successful. every campus has dorms and classrooms and activities. for a truly unique learning experience, visit pittsburgh's rich arts , cultural , historical and outdoor attractions. pittsburgh is home to many n" world-class educational institutions , including carnegie mellon university, the university of pittsburgh, duquesne university, la roche, point park university, robert morris university and chatham university among others. tips to help you make the most of your campus visit: make an appointment - confirm college tour times and interviews. book your travel in advance - visitpittsburgh.com offers information on hotels, restaurants, events, coupons and more. allow enough time - spend at least a half day at each school you're interested in attending. create an itinerary - budget your time and create a plan. plan something special - leave time for fun! go to a ball game or on a hike, have dinner downtown, see a show. remain objective interview the school. relax, be yourself and come up with a good list of questions. get lost - venture to where the action is. talk to students. attend a class. get a true sense of the personality and offerings of the school. take good notes and lots of photos study the region - half of your education will happen outside the classroom and off-campus. be realistic - seek comfort, not perfection. authentic experiences colleges & universities learn more college sports learn more neighborhoods learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map