medical travel to pittsburgh, pa | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona hospitals places to stay for medical travel temporary housing home plan your trip medical travel medical travel ​welcome to pittsburgh! for individuals and families traveling to pittsburgh for medical reasons, whether for treatment or procedures, pittsburgh is a caring place with high quality health care in abundance. we realize that you must have a lot on your mind. the last thing that you need to be concerned with is where to stay , how to get around or even just how to stay busy . we hope you are as comfortable as you possibly can be and, while this may not be your permanent home, we consider you our new neighbors. if you are here for an extended stay or just need some time away from the hospital, feel free to explore all pittsburgh has to offer, from family fun and sporting events to a night at the theater or a gallery crawl . get more information for more information on pittsburgh and the products and services you may need, during your visit don't hesitate to contact us. just call 1-877-love pgh (1-877-568-3744). we'll do our best to make you feel at ease in your temporary home-away-from-home. in this section hospitals these are some of the pittsburgh region's hospital facilities that you may consider for your medical… learn more places to stay for medical travel if you are planning to stay in the pittsburgh area during your medical testing, treatment or… learn more temporary housing these facilities offer services to families traveling to pittsburgh to get life-saving medical care for their… learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map