meet in pittsburgh | pittsburgh's business events team | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona the future of meetings meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge home meetings and events make plans to meet in pittsburgh discover pittsburgh venues, experiences and activities that will make your event a success. pittsburgh is a major meetings destination, and we have what you need to make your event successful. of course, the city boasts breathtaking skyline views, award-winning restaurants, a thriving arts and culture scene, fantastic hotel accommodations and so much more, but it’s pittsburgh experiences that make it ideal for your next meeting. pictured | green roof at the david l. lawrence convention center the perfect fit pittsburgh offers a fantastic selection of unique venues to host your next event. from the david l. lawrence convention center and our world-class hotels , to our exceptional outdoor offerings like the gateway clipper fleet and the frick pittsburgh and more, the perfect fit for your next event is in pittsburgh. from initial inquiries to follow up, and everything in between, pittsburgh's business events team is here to help. reach out to our team of experts for the support you need to plan a meeting you’ll never forget. when you’re ready to meet, we will be prepared and excited to show you the safe way to gather in welcoming, friendly pittsburgh. meet in pittsburgh discover the many reasons to host your event in pittsburgh. learn more hotels pittsburgh offers many options when it comes to hotels, resorts and accommodations. learn more event services let our event services team help make your next meeting unforgettable. learn more marketing toolkit pittsburgh's business events team is committed to making your job easier and providing the expertise to… learn more meeting spaces pittsburgh has plenty of opportunities to amaze your guests.​ learn more suppliers find local suppliers to help make your meeting a success. learn more submit rfp let us know when you are ready to book. learn more meet the team contact our team to make planning your meeting or convention as easy as possible. learn more it’s back to business in pittsburgh learn more behind the scenes with levy convention centers executive chef dominique metcalfe learn more what’s new in pittsburgh learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map