meet in pittsburgh | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home meetings and events meet in pittsburgh meet in pittsburgh discover the many reasons to host your event in pittsburgh. pittsburgh is a must-see destination full of unique venues, attractions, restaurants and activities that are sure to wow your attendees. add to that the iconic david l. lawrence convention center , an incredible array of accommodations and an engaged hospitality community and services team, and you’ve got the ideal meeting destination. in this section pittsburgh industries & corporations learn more hotels learn more meeting spaces learn more david l. lawrence convention center learn more things to do learn more places to dine learn more easy travel learn more celebration of diversity in pittsburgh learn more three city collective learn more reasons to meet here connections pittsburgh is filled with innovative thought leaders and industry champions. from key markets segments in the region including technology, manufacturing, healthcare, education and everything in between, our team can make the connections you need for engaging speakers and community leaders to help you deliver ground-breaking meetings. hotels and unique venues whether you’re hosting a small gathering or a city-wide event, pittsburgh has a wide array of accommodations and meeting venues to satisfy your need. our 1.5 million-square-foot, platinum leed®-certified david l. lawrence convention center is a point of pride. pictured | david l. lawrence convention center pictured | david l. lawrence convention center things to do and dining your attendees will find this array of distinct attractions , restaurants and activities . discover magnificent museums like the andy warhol museum, fun-filled events like the award-winning picklesburgh , historic sites like saint anthony chapel , which is home to a record 5,000 catholic relics, and an arts & culture scene unlike any other. convenient travel pittsburgh convenient location makes for less than six hours of travel by car or train from washington, d.c., canada, and 10 other states. for those interested in flying, the award-winning pittsburgh international airport serves more than 8 million passengers annually, with nonstop destinations continually on the rise. sustainable innovation once known for manufacturing, pittsburgh is now a hub for technology, medicine, and education. come see why industry giants like facebook, google and uber, as well as home-grown tech companies like duolingo and argo ai are choosing to land in pittsburgh. with the shift in industries, pittsburgh also became a sustainability focused city and a top-10 city for certified green building space . downtown vitality indexpgh is a new and one-of-its-kind digital dashboard that provides monthly updates on the well-being and vitality of downtown pittsburgh – the heart of our entire 10-county region and an important economic center, with authentic and transparent data collected by the allegheny conference. a welcoming city pittsburgh’s diversity and 90 vibrant neighborhoods make our region an inclusive option to consider when planning your next meeting or event. discover pittsburgh's diverse communities, amazing list of black-owned businesses and our award-winning events including barrel & flow, pittsburgh pride revolution and so much more success stories hear from your peers and the experiences they’ve had hosting events in pittsburgh. rubber division, lakisha miller-barclay nafa institute & expo, bill shankel edspaces: designing the future of education american physical society, hunter clemens submit rfp let us know when you are ready to book. learn more meet the team contact our team to make planning your meeting or convention as easy as possible. learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map