archive subscribe newsletters advertise | classifieds | jobs | e-trib high school sports network neighborhood news network sunday, march 9, 2025 western pennsylvania's trusted news source pittsburgh ranked eighth among large cities for commuting without cars | triblive.com home local local front - - - - - pittsburgh allegheny westmoreland valley news dispatch regional neighborhood news network - - - - - bethel park carnegie chartiers valley fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north allegheny journal north hills norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader sewickley herald shaler south hills sports sports front - - - - - steelers/nfl penguins/nhl pirates/mlb - - - - - breakfast with benz mark madden - - - - - high schools - - - - - pitt penn state wvu duquesne robert morris district colleges - - - - - outdoors other local u.s./world sports podcast network news news front - - - - - heroes pennsylvania business u.s./world coronavirus health education instagram politics trib videos partner news all stories videocharts opinion opinion front - - - - - columnists editorials cartoons featured commentary letters to the editor send a letter a&e a&e front - - - - - tv talk with rob owen theater & arts movies & tv music books more a&e art & museums lifestyles lifestyles front - - - - - food & drink out & about more lifestyles home & garden fashion travel video - - - - - trib videos obituaries - - - - - all obituaries obituary stories pittsburgh tribune-review tribune-review valley news dispatch carnegie signal item fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north journal norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader sewickley herald shaler journal south hills record western pennsylvania's trusted news source sunday, march 9, 2025 subscribe now newsletters advertise classifieds jobs e-trib high school sports network neighborhood news network about us get the trib sections terms of use allegheny pittsburgh ranked eighth among large cities for commuting without cars bobby kerlik wednesday, oct. 30, 2013 12:06 a.m. | wednesday, oct. 30, 2013 12:06 a.m. andrew russell | tribune-review commuters wait for the t to go to the south hills on the platform at the wood street station, downtown, tuesday. andrew russell | tribune-review mike mcleod, 42, of bethel park, checks his phone while riding the t home, from the north shore, tuesday. andrew russell | tribune-review kim rudduck, of gibsonia, rides the t to the north shore from her job at the everest institute, downtown, tuesday. email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. waiting for his bus home from downtown on tuesday, jack king was surprised to hear pittsburgh ranks eighth among large cities where people commute to work by means other than cars. “it's cheaper. the gas, the oil and parking is immensely expensive. the bus, in the end, saves me money,” king, 52, of brighton heights, said. the institute for quality communities at the university of oklahoma dug through census bureau data — from the 2012 american community survey — on how americans travel to work in the 60 largest cities and released its finding this week. some walk, some bike, some use public transit. among pittsburgh residents, 29.2 percent matched that category. among northeast cities, pittsburgh trailed new york, washington, boston and philadelphia. but compared to midwest cities, pittsburgh trailed only chicago, besting cleveland, cincinnati, detroit, st. louis and others. pittsburgh was well ahead of southern cities including miami, dallas and san diego. “i'd say that's pretty good overall — eighth,” said shane hampton, a fellow at the institute for quality communities who researched the data. “the northeast is the leader. the region is older and developed before the car was invented. a lot of areas there were developed to be gotten around on foot or by streetcar. the sunbelt cities had most of their development in the 20th century during sprawl. transit is really the key to all of it.” bike pittsburgh executive director scott bricker said his organization analyzed the data but didn't find the biking numbers as encouraging. he said the city should invest in dedicated bike lanes with barriers separating vehicular traffic. “it doesn't look like we've moved at all in biking. it's impressive pittsburgh is ranking in the top 10 in these lists, but we're seeing other cities making investments in biking infrastructure. we've plateaued.” pittsburgh's numbers show that 1.4 percent bike to work, 10.6 percent walk and 17.2 take mass transit. the rest use cars. marissa doyle, mayor luke ravenstahl's spokeswoman, agreed work needs to be done. “we've focused on expanding and improving the city's multi-modal transportation opportunities so that residents can travel throughout the city easier and safer,” doyle said. “we've also focused on expanding residential opportunities near major work hubs, such as downtown and east liberty.” port authority spokesman jim ritchie noted a 2010 study by the pittsburgh downtown partnership found more than 50 percent of downtown workers take a bus or ride the t. “we're constantly looking to make the system more efficient,” ritchie said. matt wholey, 49, of shadyside bikes or takes the bus to his job in the allegheny county courthouse. “i never drive. i enjoy the bicycle. it gives me fresh air and it's always 27 minutes. driving can be quicker or it can take an hour if there's an accident,” wholey said. “when i'm riding my bike home (on the eliza furnace trail) i see all those people sitting in parkway traffic. they look so miserable.” bobby kerlik is a trib total media staff writer. he can be reached at 412-320-7886 or bkerlik@tribweb.com . email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. 1-800-909-8742 fax (724) 779-8743 210 wood street tarentum, pa 15084 © 2025 trib total media | all rights reserved about us about us advertise career opportunities contact advertising contact newsroom contact us feedback request correction resource center scholarship opportunities send letter to the editor send news tip subscribe subscriber services get the trib blog efeatures email newsletters etrib facebook home delivery instagram linkedin marketing minute store locations triblive app - app store triblive app - google play twitter sections arts & entertainment best of the best business directory circulars contests coronavirus lifestyles local news obituaries opinion our publications photos real estate sports video weather terms of use cookie settings privacy policy terms of service top