group tours | meeting planning | plan pittsburgh, pa | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona let’s stay in touch! home meetings and events group tour group tour the pittsburgh region is full of great tour experiences for groups of all types. groups love pittsburgh! from scenic vistas to award-winning culinary scene, renowned arts and cultural offerings to celebrated sports teams, the 'burgh has something for everyone. bring your group to pittsburgh to see what everyone's talking about! zagat named pittsburgh as the no. 1 food city harper's bazaar rated pittsburgh as the #4 destination in the world pittsburgh international airport was named airport of the year by air transport world magazine travel professionals: visitpittsburgh is here to assist members of the travel trade and is proud to welcome tour operators from around the world! please view and download our translated brochures available in english, chinese, french, german, and spanish below. our complimentary services include: customized/suggested itineraries hotel quote compilation referrals for local receptive & multilingual step-on guides maps, coupon books, planning materials high resolution image gallery and more! to learn more about all that pittsburgh has to offer or for assistance planning your group's trip, please email amber.harkleroad@visitpittsburgh.com . chinese brochure german brochure spanish brochure french brochure english brochure plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map