about sportspittsburgh | sports pittsburgh skip to content contact us submit an rfp 54 ° f 0 saved navigation sports event planner marketing tool kit submit an rfp sports event support sports facilities sports event attendee calendar of events legendary sports city plan your trip ncaa in pittsburgh show your badge power of sports economy professional sports teams collegiate sports community involvement about sportspittsburgh get involved with sportspittsburgh contact us bridge to your event meet the sportspittsburgh team home about sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sportspittsburgh is a fully staffed division of visitpittsburgh that offers experience and expertise in sports development, marketing and event planning. the sportspittsburgh team is the first point of contact for sports event planners considering pittsburgh as a host destination for their prized events. backed by the support of our sports and hospitality communities, the team hosts and supports a diverse mix of regional, national and international sports events that drive economic activity within allegheny county. the team works to maximize the value and impact that sports events bring to the city and its residents; specifically, through visitor spending, generating media exposure and connecting local residents and businesses with key sports events. it also serves as a connector between event planners and relevant community stakeholders to promote community engagement with events. along with communicating directly with event planners, sportspittsburgh promotes the message of pittsburgh as an iconic and legendary sports city to national and international audiences, encouraging travelers to make pittsburgh a “bucket-list” destination. meet sportspittsburgh brady inners director, sports event development 412-325-0324 send an email holly perella sports development director 412-325-0292 send an email nick jelliff sports program coordinator 412-325-0291 send an email jessica ragan sports development manager 412-325-0297 send an email bridge to your event learn how the sportspittsburgh team brings events to life in pittsburgh! details meet the sportspittsburgh team the sportspittsburgh team is here to make your sporting event a success. details related sports event planner learn more sports event attendee explore what makes pittsburgh a popular destination for athletes and fans. learn more power of sports economy learn more get involved with sportspittsburgh learn how you can join the sportspittsburgh action. learn more contact us stay connected with sportspittsburgh and sign up for the latest sports announcements and deals. learn more plan your trip with the visit pittsburgh visitor guide learn more about sportspittsburgh get involved with sportspittsburgh contact us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map