sports event planner | sports pittsburgh skip to content contact us submit an rfp 54 ° f 0 saved navigation sports event planner marketing tool kit submit an rfp sports event support sports facilities sports event attendee calendar of events legendary sports city plan your trip ncaa in pittsburgh show your badge power of sports economy professional sports teams collegiate sports community involvement about sportspittsburgh get involved with sportspittsburgh contact us marketing tool kit submit an rfp sports event support sports facilities home sports event planner sports event planner there are many reasons to bring your sports event to pittsburgh. but, we have our favorites. reasons to compete in pittsburgh iconic sports experiences sportspittsburgh knows firsthand how to host championship-caliber events all while creating iconic experiences for athletes, coaches and fans that are guaranteed to be memorable for years to come. from professional and amateur to high school and youth sports, there’s never been a better time to hoist a trophy in the city of champions. the sports city the city of champions knows sports, and local pride shines bright. home to the steelers, penguins and pirates, pittsburgh is a city that bleeds black and gold. the community rallies around sporting events big and small. unique sports facilities & world-class venues from the leed® platinum-certified david l. lawrence convention center, which has hosted 500 teams on 36 basketball courts, to ppg paints arena, which features a versatile floorspace good for everything from wrestling to volleyball and hockey, the pittsburgh region is well equipped to support a multitude of sports events. with many major universities in the city, too, collegiate-level facilities are available in several pittsburgh neighborhoods. pnc park and heinz field, the acclaimed homes of the pittsburgh pirates and pittsburgh steelers, respectively, provide awe-inspiring atmospheres and breathtaking views of the city skyline from pittsburgh’s north shore. highmark stadium, home to the pittsburgh riverhounds soccer team, sits along the monongahela river and boasts its own unbeatable cityscape view. easy travel pittsburgh is conveniently located within 500 miles of nearly half the u.s. population, within a 90-minute flight of nearly half of north america’s population and within a six-hour car or train ride from 10 states, washington, d.c., and canada. travelers arriving by plane will enjoy the first-class service and impeccable facilities of the pittsburgh international airport, named 2017 airport of the year by air transport world magazine. experienced, cooperative sports community pittsburgh’s sports community makes for a great team. from venues to host universities to hotels and restaurants, pride runs deep, and there is a unified desire to showcase all the city has to offer. sports gems learn about the region’s sports history at the western pennsylvania sports museum. mix science and sports at highmark sportsworks at the carnegie science center. remember the legacy of pirates great roberto clemente at the clemente museum. and, tour the many professional sports venues. outdoor activities & walkability pittsburgh boasts 24 miles of walking and biking trails that connect downtown to a variety of other neighborhoods. rent a kayak or canoe and paddle along the three rivers – the allegheny, monongahela and ohio – for a stunning view of the city skyline. a unique mix of culture, shopping and outstanding restaurants are nestled within downtown pittsburgh’s 14 square-blocks. there are endless opportunities just a short walk or “t” subway ride from downtown hotels, the david l. lawrence convention center and professional sports venues. event expertise learn more marketing tool kit sportspittsburgh is committed to providing the expertise to promote your sports event in pittsburgh. learn more sports event support learn more sports facilities pittsburgh is home to a variety of versatile and world-renowned competition venues. learn more credit | pittsburgh steelers submit an rfp let us know when you are ready to book. learn more authentic experiences sports event attendee learn more power of sports economy learn more about sportspittsburgh learn more get involved with sportspittsburgh learn more contact us learn more plan your trip with the visit pittsburgh visitor guide learn more about sportspittsburgh get involved with sportspittsburgh contact us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map