sports event attendee | sports pittsburgh skip to content contact us submit an rfp 54 ° f 0 saved navigation sports event planner marketing tool kit submit an rfp sports event support sports facilities sports event attendee calendar of events legendary sports city plan your trip ncaa in pittsburgh show your badge power of sports economy professional sports teams collegiate sports community involvement about sportspittsburgh get involved with sportspittsburgh contact us calendar of events legendary sports city plan your trip ncaa in pittsburgh show your badge home sports event attendee sports event attendee explore what makes pittsburgh a popular destination for athletes and fans. beyond the competition while spending time in pittsburgh, it's hard to miss that famous skyline view. a ride on the historic monongahela and duquesne inclines is a great way to experience the cityscape on a budget. pose for photos at the top of mount washington , then enjoy a bite to eat at one of pittsburgh’s most popular restaurants along with great city views. the senator john heinz history center , a smithsonian affiliate, is devoted to the history and heritage of western pennsylvania. with exhibits, events and the western pennsylvania sports museum, this attraction's interactive environment appeals to visitors of all ages. the history center also operates the iconic fort pitt museum at point state park. experience pittsburgh on the water aboard the gateway clipper fleet. its paddle and open-air riverboats sail daily. take a dining cruise or sightseeing tour for an overview of the city past and present that highlights significant architecture, landmarks and the stunning skyline. share your story on social #lovepgh pittsburgh also is known for its dynamic arts and entertainment scene. the cultural district encompasses 14-square-blocks downtown with nine world-class theaters, art installations and numerous galleries. in the heart of downtown , market square is a gathering place for locals and a hub for old and new restaurants, as well as free outdoor happenings such as concerts, markets and events. in the north side , the acclaimed the andy warhol museum celebrates the life and work of one of pop art's founding fathers and pittsburgh native. the mattress factory museum is an experimental lab featuring site-specific installations created by artists-in-residence from around the world. there's no doubt about it, pittsburgh is a sports town. explore pnc park, home of the pittsburgh pirates ; heinz field, where enthusiastic fans wave terrible towels in support of the pittsburgh steelers or ppg paints arena, home of the five-time stanley cup champions, pittsburgh penguins . share your story on social #lovepgh sports event planner learn more power of sports economy learn more about sportspittsburgh sportspittsburgh is a fully staffed division of visitpittsburgh that offers experience and expertise in sports development, marketing and event planning. learn more get involved with sportspittsburgh learn how you can join the sportspittsburgh action. learn more credit | chris cowger contact us stay connected with sportspittsburgh and sign up for the latest sports announcements and deals. learn more plan your trip with the visit pittsburgh visitor guide learn more about sportspittsburgh get involved with sportspittsburgh contact us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map