power of sports economy | sports pittsburgh skip to content contact us submit an rfp 54 ° f 0 saved navigation sports event planner marketing tool kit submit an rfp sports event support sports facilities sports event attendee calendar of events legendary sports city plan your trip ncaa in pittsburgh show your badge power of sports economy professional sports teams collegiate sports community involvement about sportspittsburgh get involved with sportspittsburgh contact us professional sports teams collegiate sports community involvement home power of sports economy power of sports economy pittsburgh’s sports economy drives millions of dollars in direct spend to the region. one of the most effective ways to inject new spending into the local economy is through hosting live sports events that attract out of town attendees, including participants, event staff and fans. these individuals support the local pittsburgh economy when they stay in our hotels, eat in our restaurants and visit our attractions. the effect of tens of thousands of event attendees staying in the region is immediate. the impact one in every two visitors to a downtown venue attends a sporting event. since 2005, the city has annually hosted hoop group pitt jam fest , an ncaa-sanctioned event, which takes place during one of only two spring evaluation periods. the event has grown into 37 basketball courts at the david l. lawrence convention center, with more than 600 teams and 200 college coaches in attendance . the pittsburgh community also is a major hotbed for volleyball . annual youth volleyball events include the east coast volleyball championships (350+ teams) and the junior volleyball association’s steel city freeze , which features more than 200 boys’ and girls’ teams. authentic experiences professional sports teams learn more collegiate sports college sports participation and competition is an important element in the sports tourism mix. learn more community involvement learn more plan your trip with the visit pittsburgh visitor guide learn more about sportspittsburgh get involved with sportspittsburgh contact us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map