pittsburgh weddings & reunions | pittsburgh group travel | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona wedding services reunions event venues home weddings & reunions weddings & reunions pittsburgh is ready to host your special occasion, be it your family or high school reunion or the day you decide to say "i do." everything you need to plan your event is available in this region, from unique venues to an extensive array of florists , photographers and bakeries . whether you're planning a trendy or a traditional gathering, look no further than the professionals in pittsburgh to make your big day one to remember. look at the big picture as you begin your planning and work your way down to the smallest details. looking for new and interesting ideas for your reunion or wedding? want to know the etiquette regarding invitations, food and clothing? check out pittsburgh's special occasion resources and start planning today! don't forget that visitpittsburgh is the place for information about small and large events happening around town. check out the events calendar when you're planning so you know what times of year to embrace…and avoid! wedding services ready to start planning your special day in pittsburgh and you need some help? learn more reunions no matter what type of reunion, pittsburgh is your perfect destination to reminisce. learn more event venues pittsburgh has plenty of exciting event spaces that are perfect for your gathering. learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map