pittsburgh media resources - official pittsburgh cvb | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona press kit news releases photo requests press tours media information request filming in pittsburgh pittsburgh in the spotlight marketing communications staff home media media from press releases to photo requests here's all the information you'll need on media about pittsburgh. visitpittsburgh's online news room is a centralized information resource for all news media. our communications staff gladly assists qualified travel, trade and news journalists with a number of helpful services including scheduling interviews; organizing small-group press tours ; arranging itineraries and facility visits to arts + cultural institutions, hotels and restaurants, and select tours and events. the team also provides fact-checking services and background information on pittsburgh, as well as ideas for travel-related stories or information related to convention + meeting services and trends. press kit the online press kit is a resource for journalists interested in experiencing and writing about the pittsburgh region. it contains a bevy of information, including new developments, story ideas and news releases. details news releases get all the latest news releases about pittsburgh, or look through our archives for what the news was in past years. details photo requests for media professionals, learn more about downloading pictures and their rightful use in publications by media professionals. details press tours visitpittsburgh welcomes travel journalists to join our press tours. experience all that this beautiful city has to offer and use it to your writer's advantage. details media information request members of the media can request press kits here. details pittsburgh in the spotlight pittsburgh is a world-class city with unique topography, culture and heritage, and is eminently writable. details marketing communications staff here are the media contacts for visitpittsburgh. learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map