soul food festival in pittsburgh 2024 | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home events & festivals food festivals soul food festival soul food festival savor a soulful taste of the burgh at pittsburgh’s can’t miss soul food festival! soul food festival entertainment schedule after party spice up your labor day weekend at pittsburgh's soul food festival – a mouthwatering celebration of the city's black culinary, butchery, and food businesses. established in 2019, this festival honors pittsburgh's rich history of food service pioneers and entrepreneurs, dating back to 1795 when charles richards opened the city's first black-owned restaurant and lodge. spend the weekend feasting on soul food dishes from more than 100 small business vendors and food service proprietors, while enjoying live entertainment and engaging activities. soul food festival event details dates: august 30 - september 1, 2024 time: 11 a.m. - 10 p.m. daily location: market square / boulevard of the allies between stanwix and wood streets admission: free soul food & good times indulge in a feast for the senses as soul food vendors serve up irresistible dishes. witness pitmasters battle it out in the sizzling bbq contest, explore rich cultural activities, and peruse unique crafts from talented vendors. as the aroma of soul food fills the air, visit the stages and dance the night away. view this post on instagram a post shared by a soulful taste of the burgh (@asoulfultasteoftheburgh) 2024 entertainment schedule friday, aug. 30 dj stage 6 p.m.-10 p.m. – dj kode wred main stage 4 p.m. – dr. james johnson & pittsburgh jazz allstars 6 p.m. – theresa hawthorne band 8 p.m. – f.l.y. 9 p.m. – tweet saturday, aug. 31 dj stage 2 p.m.-6 p.m. –dj wink 6 p.m.-10 p.m. – dj rok main stage 3 p.m. – the flow band 5 p.m. – the house of soul band 7:30 p.m. – keith washington 9 p.m. – ronnie laws sunday, sept. 1 dj stage 2 p.m.-6 p.m. – dj tee jay 6 p.m.-10 p.m. –dj schizo main stage 3 p.m. – soul raydio band 5 p.m. – bill henry band 8 p.m. – sevyn streeter 9 p.m. – jadakiss view this post on instagram a post shared by a soulful taste of the burgh (@asoulfultasteoftheburgh) soul food fest after party extend the celebration at the soul food fest after party on sunday, september 1, from 10 p.m. - 2 a.m. head to the spirit of pittsburgh ballroom on the 3rd floor of the david l. lawrence convention center for this 25+ event, hosted by styles p. embrace the all-white theme (recommended, but not required) and grab your after-party tickets for a night to remember. plan your trip maximize your soul food festival experience by exploring everything downtown pittsburgh has to offer. when planning your visit , consider booking your stay at one of the many hotels near market square to be steps away from the festivities. downtown pittsburgh pittsburgh boasts 90 neighborhoods with downtown at its heart. learn more a guide to market square located in the heart of downtown pittsburgh, market square is a must-see for tourists and locals alike. market square is surrounded by shops and restaurants and boasts year-round activities in the center… learn more more to explore pittsburgh fall festivals 2024 guide | fairs, events & more colorful foliage. crisp air. pumpkins. what's not to love about fall? learn more pittsburgh with a mix of culture & flavor historically, pittsburgh has always contributed to the fostering of black cultural excellence. learn more black-owned businesses in pittsburgh support black-owned businesses in pittsburgh. learn more make it a weekend: a pittsburgh black-owned itinerary support black-owned businesses, explore historic neighborhoods and celebrate black art learn more labor day weekend 2024 in pittsburgh — the ultimate guide your three-day weekend is right around the corner. here is the ultimate guide for how to… learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map