essential guide to winter activities in pittsburgh | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home plan your trip weather winter in pittsburgh winter in pittsburgh there are plenty of ways to enjoy pittsburgh in the winter, no matter your interests, taste buds or even the weather. winter in pittsburgh is chilly, snowy and loads of fun. with winter festivals, slopes, ice skating and plenty of indoor entertainment, it’s a great time of year for visitors. what to do embrace the season, enjoy the winter weather and make plans to visit the upmc rink at ppg place in the heart of downtown pittsburgh – just steps away from market square . hit the slopes at boyce park or take a day trip to seven springs mountain resort . or, grab a sled and zip your way through the many hills in pittsburgh city and allegheny county parks . warm up at one of pittsburgh’s eclectic, cozy coffee shops like de fer coffee & tea or grim wizard. or, grab a delicious steaming bowl of soup at smiling banana leaf, patti’s pasticceria or eatunique café. not a fan of cold weather? no worries! there are plenty of indoor attractions and activities to explore. spend the day enjoying the visual arts at renowned museums like the mattress factory – a must-see contemporary art museum. sports fan? visit the clemente museum and learn about humanitarian and baseball legend, roberto clemente. or, take in an exciting pittsburgh penguins game at ppg paints arena . in town for the holidays? pittsburgh dazzles with holiday lights and events ! one stop trips in pittsburgh even if you are short on time during your stay in pittsburgh, here's how to maximize your pittsburgh experience in one trip: no matter how much time you have in town, you’ll get into the spirit by visiting the people’s gas holiday market in pittsburgh’s market square. this german-style pop-up brings the festivity with local shops, live music and even special appearances by santa himself! stop by the strip district to sample international cuisine from sunseri's pepperoni rolls to s&d polish deli's pierogies as you walk and shop local vendors selling all things pittsburgh. short on time but want the scoop on the ‘burgh while you’re in town? the heinz history center is the perfect one-stop-shop for all things pittsburgh. explore the history, inventions, sports teams and icons that have make this city what it is today. share your story on social #lovepgh how to pack there’s no way around it, winter in pittsburgh is bound to be chilly and often snowy as well. the good news is that with a chill in the air comes all the fun and festivities of the winter season. when packing, there are a few things you should be sure to grab. dress in layers! the city, especially downtown, naturally warms up during the day. dress in layers so that you can easily remove articles of clothing as you explore during the day, then bundle up again in the evening. one of the highlights of the winter season in pittsburgh is the upmc rink at ppg place! if you are a serious skater, be sure to pack your ice skates . don’t worry, you can always rent a pair if that’s more your style. even if you plan to keep you walking to a minimum, it’s always a good idea to have the right shoes . boots that can handle getting wet or snowy will make exploring much easier, and more fun! share your story on social #lovepgh what to eat & drink staying warm and cozy in the cold weather has a lot to do with choosing the right things to eat and drink ! winter beers a deep dive into the ales, stouts, porters and more seasonal favorites at pittsburgh breweries that pair well with the season. learn more pierogies let’s face it, pierogies are delicious any time of year and pittsburghers love them dearly. something about the holidays makes this traditional dish (and the unique takes on it!) extra special. learn more new year's eve in the 'burgh first night is the pittsburgh cultural trust’s annual event on december 31st to celebrate the new year . several events, shows, exhibitions and more take place throughout the downtown area. and, of course, fireworks! celebrating love in pittsburgh whether you’re celebrating your sweetheart, your bestie or your furry friend, valentine’s day is a great time to show you care. try something new, stay in and do something you love, or get everyone together for a big celebration! winter views make a trek across one of pittsburgh’s pedestrian and bike-friendly bridges to see the frozen rivers as the temperatures drop. this peaceful view will give you the warm and fuzzies, even if it is chilly outside. take the inclines up to spectacular overlooks on mount washington. sail the gateway clipper and take a sightseeing tour across pittsburgh's iconic three rivers. after you explore the nationality rooms in the cathedral of learning in oakland, head up to the 32nd floor for a view that spans across the neighborhood and beyond. with the right outfit and a festive attitude, there are so many ways to enjoy pittsburgh in the winter. so bundle up and make the most of your trip to the 'burgh in the snowy season. we'll see you there! related blog posts peoples gas holiday market™ get into the holiday spirit at the 13th annual peoples gas holiday market™! details holiday photos in pittsburgh kick off the holiday season with a family photo in your favorite city! details pittsburgh holiday lights experience the sparkle this 2024 holiday season in pittsburgh! details oakland for the holidays celebrate the holidays! details 2024 pittsburgh holiday gift & shopping guide | shop local shop local and gift pittsburgh this holiday season! details pittsburgh holiday pop-up bars it seems like pop-up bars just keep popping up! let us help you find the most perfectly peculiar pittsburgh pop-up… details pittsburgh celebrates light up night 2024 join us as we light up the city and officially kick-off the pittsburgh holiday season! details authentic experiences pittsburgh holiday events from outdoor shopping and toasty refreshments to indoor exhibits and bites for the whole family, there are plenty of ways to enjoy the holidays in pittsburgh. details events this week in pittsburgh what's happening in pittsburgh this week, you ask? details weather you can enjoy all four seasons in pittsburgh. learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map