things to do in pittsburgh this summer - visit pittsburgh | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home plan your trip weather summer in pittsburgh summer in pittsburgh there are plenty of ways to enjoy pittsburgh in the summer, no matter your interests, taste buds or even the weather. summer in pittsburgh is all about the outdoors. from enjoying public festivals and live music to cruising the river and riverfront trails, pittsburgh shines in the summer. what to do spend a day at kennywood and enjoy the many thrills and turns at the park selected as the national amusement park historical association’s favorite traditional amusement park. on a hot summer day, be sure to make a visit to sandcastle waterpark , home to 16 exciting water slide attractions, the mon-tsunami wave pool, lazy river and a boardwalk full of tasty treats. don’t forget your sunglasses and sunscreen! enjoy pittsburgh’s beautiful three rivers aboard a number of different vessels. take a sightseeing tour with the gateway clipper fleet . rent an iconic yellow kayak for an urban river adventure with kayak pittsburgh . grab some friends and book a trip with cruisin’ tikis pittsburgh . prefer land activities? enjoy beautiful riverfront views and an intense soccer match while supporting the pittsburgh riverhounds at highmark stadium. two hours in pittsburgh whether you’re in town for an event with a few hours to spare, or just passing through, there are a few must-see things in pittsburgh that can be experienced in only a few hours. there is bound to be something fun happening in point state park , especially during the summer. you may experience a festival or live music , or you could keep it simple and fly a kite or check out the iconic fountain. it doesn’t have to be tuesday to enjoy tacos in pittsburgh ! nothing beats a good pop-up taco stand and las palmas is the best. try their oakland or brookline locations. in bloomfield you’ll find baby loves tacos, and bull river taco in squirrel hill hits the spot as well. take advantage of pittsburgh’s 33 miles of riverfront trails while you are here in the summer. whether you enjoy biking, walking or just relaxing on a city bench, you will take in the views and warm breeze that will make you fall in love with the city. share your story on social #lovepgh authentic experiences spring in pittsburgh learn more autumn in pittsburgh learn more winter in pittsburgh learn more related blog posts 10 awesome pittsburgh summer date nights pittsburgh is a city that is not just easy to fall in love with, but just… learn more 10 wet ways to stay cool in pittsburgh pittsburgh is a summer hot spot...literally. with average summer temperatures in the 80s, it can be… learn more ways to celebrate the 4th of july in pittsburgh in 2024 rep your red, white and blue and head to pittsburgh this fourth of july! check out… learn more weather you can enjoy all four seasons in pittsburgh. learn more plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map