global food tasting in pittsburgh | literacy pittsburgh show/hide menu programs volunteers students employers alumni start now donate about news events contact locations americorps language: english afrikaans albanian amharic arabic armenian azerbaijani basque belarusian bengali bosnian bulgarian catalan cebuano chichewa chinese (simplified) chinese (traditional) corsican croatian czech danish dutch esperanto estonian filipino finnish french frisian galician georgian german greek gujarati haitian creole hausa hawaiian hebrew hindi hmong hungarian icelandic igbo indonesian irish italian japanese javanese kannada kazakh khmer korean kurdish (kurmanji) kyrgyz lao latin latvian lithuanian luxembourgish macedonian malagasy malay malayalam maltese maori marathi mongolian myanmar (burmese) nepali norwegian pashto persian polish portuguese punjabi romanian russian samoan scots gaelic serbian sesotho shona sindhi sinhala slovak slovenian somali spanish sundanese swahili swedish tajik tamil telugu thai turkish ukrainian urdu uzbek vietnamese welsh xhosa yiddish yoruba zulu close navigation don't miss one big table: an international tasting on april 3 at nova place! click to get tickets. events / one big table: an international tasting one big table: an international tasting april 3, 2025 a global feast of food, entertainment, and art celebrating the diversity of our region. literacy pittsburgh’s signature event one big table: an international tasting returns on april 3, 2025, at an all-new location, nova place. we look forward to welcoming our restaurant partners, global entertainers, world-class artisans, and you to this culturally immersive event that weaves a rich tapestry of international cuisine, captivating entertainment, and diverse art forms. a celebration of global diversity, this pittsburgh food festival highlights the flavors, talents, and creativity of cultures from around the world, all gathered at one magnificent table. general admission tickets - $125 per person food samplings from many different cultures - 20+ restaurants open bar - beer (cobblehaus brewing), wine (bella terra vineyards and timbre), and non-alcoholic beverages artisan market entertainment and activities buy tickets now cash prize raffle 1st prize - $5,000 2nd prize - $1,000 3rd prize - $500 $20 per chance. only 1,000 raffle tickets will be sold. the drawing will take place on april 3, 2025. need not be present to win. enter to win event highlights international food fair at the heart of one big table is a sprawling international food fair presented by restaurants from our local neighborhoods, where chefs, culinary artists, and food enthusiasts come together to prepare and present a world-class selection of global cuisines from local restaurants. many of the featured restaurants are immigrant-owned. attendees can embark on a culinary journey, savoring dishes from every corner of the world, spicy thai curries, flavorful mexican empanadas, delicate french pastries, flaky indian samosas, and so much more. the food fair offers a unique opportunity to taste, learn, and appreciate different culinary traditions. entertainment extravaganza the event is a feast not just for the palate but for all the senses, featuring an array of live performances that represent diverse cultures and talents from across the globe. attendees can expect to be mesmerized by traditional dances, live music, and much more. each performance adds to the vibrancy of the event, creating a unique atmosphere of celebration and unity. global marketplace for those looking to take a piece of the world home, a global marketplace features unique products, souvenirs, and international handicrafts. it's a great opportunity to shop for one-of-a-kind items from around the globe. some of the artists selected to participate may have benefited from literacy pittsburgh programming themselves. who benefits education opens doors. unfortunately, too many people in our region missed out on the opportunity to complete their education due to family, personal, or learning challenges. we also have many families immigrating to the pittsburgh area who may know a little english, but not enough to converse with native speakers or get a decent-paying job. proceeds from one big table provides our students with caring, experienced professional teachers and trained volunteer tutors. it provides books and materials, technology, and innovative programs that move students from learning to earning. it supports infrastructure that gives our students a safe and comfortable learning environment and a staff committed to both efficiency and effectiveness. last year, more than 400 guests sampled fare from more than 20 restaurants showcasing middle eastern, mexican, turkish, ethiopian, thai, and indian cuisines and more! once again, our literacy pittsburgh staff provided an awesome "city of bridges" cookie and donut table. april 3, 2025 6:30 pm - 9:00 pm new location nova place 100 s commons pittsburgh, pa 15212 contact tim richart director of development 412-393-7633 email our sponsors please contact tim richart at 412-393-7633 or trichart@literacypittsburgh.org about how you can sponsor our 2025 one big table event. universal ally world ambassador international friend obt partners restaurant sponsors participating restaurants arepittas chicken latino el chucho pgh el rincon oaxaqueno geppetto cafe hot mama's pierogies istituto mondo italiano kabob mob la palapa little athens catering madsen donuts nosh & curd popworld saucy african foods shadobeni tamarind exotic india tana ethiopian cuisine taqueria acosta the colombian spot the nook turkish cultural center zafaron kitchen please check back often to see who is participating in the spring. follow us literacy pittsburgh 411 seventh avenue suite 525 pittsburgh, pa 15219 412-393-7600 412-393-7627 fax info@literacypittsburgh.org join our mailing list first name last name email address sign me up literacy pittsburgh is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. ein number 25-1392652. a copy of the official registration and financial information for literacy pittsburgh may be obtained from the pa department of state by calling toll free, within pa, 1-800-732-0999. registration does not imply endorsement. audited financials, form 990 documents, and annual reports can be viewed in public documents . © 2025 literacy pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy our website uses cookies to collect and store information. by using this site, you accept the terms of our privacy policy . accept