vegfair faqs – pittsburgh vegfest vegfair is saturday 4/26 from 11-4 pm. stay tuned for summer's vegfest announcements and applications coming soon! k.i.t. become a sponsor for vegfair! email us for more information skip to content navigation menu shop about vegfest in the news resources faqs vegfair vegfest walk with a doc cart donate vegfair faqs q: what is vegfair? a: vegfair was started in 2024 as a 10-year celebratory party for vegfests’ anniversary (our staple summer festival)! with the amazing feedback and attendance- we thought it only made sense to keep it going! vegfair 2025 is happening on the east end on saturday april 26th from 11-4 pm. vegfair is free to attend and showcases veg food, small businesses and animal welfare non profit organizations. entry is free, and there will be food trucks outside and tons of seating inside. q: where is vegfair? a: vegfair is held at rockwell park, an indoor space located across from the coop at 7516 meade st, pittsburgh, pa 15208 with parking off thomas, see below. q: where do i park? a: there is parking off thomas road at 7514 thomas blvd, pittsburgh, pa 15208. there is also free street parking all around the area. q: are animals allowed? no animals are allowed at vegfair other than service animals. q: what time does vegfair start? a: pittsburgh vegfair starts at 11:00 am. q: what time is vegfair over? a: vegfair is over at 4:00 pm 📣 mark your calendars for saturday, april 26th 📣vendors!  the deadline to apply for vegfair is vegfair🌱 is back for its 2nd year on saturday, thank you so much to everyone who attended our 10t load more... follow on instagram justice for animals is a 501(c)(3) non-profit animal welfare organization location in pittsburgh, pa. jfa aims to support initiatives in pittsburgh towards protecting animals, spread awareness about animal rights issues, and educate the public on what they can do to live healthier and cruelty free lives. we have also organized many demonstrations around the city, participated in neighborhood education missions, clean-ups, and host a plant based thanksgiving dinner every year named vegfeast. join our newsletter " * " indicates required fields first name * last name email * come check us out connect with us pittsburgh vegfest  | po box 15948 | pittsburgh, pa 15244 designed by heartbeat websites