guide to pittsburgh greek food festivals | 2024 menus, hours and highlights | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home insider's guide to pittsburgh greek food festivals when it comes to greek food, it's not all greek to me. names like spanakopita, moussaka, pastitsio speak to me just like the sirens spoke to hungry sailors in the odyssey. but without the evil overtones. except for the ouzo hangover and maybe the calories. greek food festival season normally runs from may-early sept. each year in pittsburgh at locations throughout the city and surrounding neighborhoods. to make life easy and maximize the time you can fill up on loukoumades (my personal favorite of bite-size donut balls drizzled with honey and cinnamon) here's your guide to the 2024 greek food festival season. visiting this page after festival season? hit up christo's or the simple greek in downtown pittsburgh for these flavors year-round. st. nicholas greek food festival may 12-18, 2024 | menu | order online the greek food festival season officially kicks off at st. nicholas greek orthodox cathedral in oakland with a weeklong food festival with fantastic food and music until midnight on fridays and saturdays. it's easy to make a day of visiting this festival, too, with the carnegie museum of art and natural history, cathedral of learning and schenley park all just short walk from the festival. in just one bite you'll see why this festival has now been going on for 60+ years. pro tip: head inside to find the dinners and a la carte options (their spanakopita and green beans yiahni are my two favorites) or go to the outdoor grill for gyros, greek fries and salads. all saints greek food festival june 3-7, 2024 greek dancing, live music, tons of vendors, and, oh yeah, the food is incredible too. dolmathes (stuffed graped leaves), spanakopita (phyllo layers filled with spinach and feta cheese) and rizogalo (rice pudding) are just some of the many highlights at the all saints greek food festival ! follow their page on facebook to learn more. holy cross greek food festival june 11-14, 2024 | online ordering available celebrating 52 years in 2024, the holy cross greek food festival will transport you across the ocean from mt. lebanon without ever leaving your table. you'll find all the favorites here along with new items added to the menu all the time. last year, the baklava blizzard, a frozen spin on the classic dessert, and a greek loukaniko sausage were new fan favorites! don't leave without watching the saganaki (flaming cheese) demo. follow on facebook for more info. annual aliquippa greek food & music festival june 13-15, 2024 delivering mouthwatering greek classics to hungry aliquippans for almost 50 years, kimisis tis theotokou greek orthodox church is a great stop northwest of the city. grab their lamb shank for a full dinner served with orzo, salad and pita or find ala carte bliss with some of the best moussaka (eggplant and ground beef in a cream sauce) and pastitsio (the same but with pasta instead of eggplant) you'll find anywhere! oakmont greek festival june 28-30 2024 | online ordering and curbside available this greek festival is so good i plan my summer travel around it so i never have to miss a year. my recommendation is to get to the oakmont greek festival early and have a plan: one to the dessert line, one to the drinks and one to the main courses, then meet at the table and enjoy all together. follow your nose to some of the best loukoumades (honey balls, be generous on the cinnamon) in the region and their signature chicken alexis glazed, with fruit and honey. i mean, come on! annual savor the flavors of greece july 12, 2024 you only have one day to enjoy this parish festival from saint spyridon in monessen, but just trust me that it's worth the drive. unique favorites here include the psari plaki (baked cod presented greek style), giouvetsi (orzo pasta and fresh veggies in a light tomato sauce) and gyros so good they have to sell them in their own tent! follow them on facebook for more info. holy trinity greek food festival (ambridge) july 16-20 2024 opa! the holy trinity greek food festival in ambridge has five days of food and fun along with a live band friday and saturday for a truly raucous celebration. their website is still being updated, so more info on this one as we get closer! follow on facebook until then. view this post on instagram a post shared by holy trinity (@htambridge) east pittsburgh greek fest july 18-20, 2024 sunny afternoons, cool nights, no problem. the annual east pittsburgh greek fest has a spacious indoor dining area at the olympia banquet facility as well as an outdoor grecian garden full of folk music and authentic dance that pairs perfectly with their gyros! or, take a 1/2 pan of pastitsio or moussaka for greek to-go. holy trinity "taste of greece" festival (pittsburgh) aug. 29-sept. 1, 2024 cap off an outstanding greek food festival season in mccandless township right at the taste of greece festival! shuttles at nearby upmc passavant green lot will drop you off to this free festival where the favorites of souzoukakla (greek baked meatballs in a tomato wine sauce), souvlaki (marinated pork grilled on a skewer) keep the locals and thousands of visitors coming back each year. special thanks to holy trinity greek orthodox church (pittsburgh) for compiling this free guide and helping get the word out about all of this incredible food, culture and fun! map of all locations related blogs 15 foods you can only get in pittsburgh learn more a taste of pittsburgh’s food scene learn more a culinary tour of pnc park | a food map of the ballpark learn more dig in to pittsburgh restaurant week summer 2024 learn more spicy noodles of pittsburgh learn more pittsburgh’s outdoor dining scene learn more pittsburgh’s rooftops learn more city kitchen | four concepts, one vision learn more top places to eat in downtown pittsburgh learn more 20+ great pizza places in pittsburgh learn more know your roll | 14 best sushi spots in pittsburgh learn more author jared b. enthusiastic pittsburgher always in search of the next great craft beer and arcade. can be found in the supporters section of pittsburgh riverhounds games and at whatever festival is happening in the city. related content: save christos mediterranean grille 130 sixth st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15222 details open in google maps map christos mediterranean grille christos mediterranean grille 130 sixth st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15222 (412) 261-6442 details website save the simple greek 431 market st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15222 details open in google maps map the simple greek the simple greek 431 market st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15222 (412) 261-4976 details website plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map