pittsburgh's top beer festivals | #lovepgh | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home top beer festivals in pittsburgh cheers to this amazing lineup of pittsburgh beer festivals 🍻 2024 upcoming events more dates and info as announced: three rivers beer week date: april 10-14, 2024 location: venues throughout the city join the pittsburgh brewers guild for a celebration of all things local craft beer! the week-long festival will include a range of beer-related activities and events. visit threeriversbeerweek.com for the latest festival news and to sign up for email updates. view this post on instagram a post shared by pittsburgh brewers guild (@pghbrewersguild) 10 year anniversary beer market date: april 12, 2024 location: bay 41 in lawrenceville beers of the burgh is going back to where it all started for their 10th anniversary celebration ! brew gentlemen, grist house and hitchhiker will be on site pouring their beers as well as a special collaboration stout made as a team. plus, threadbare and wigle will also be on hand along with craft vendors and local food trucks. view this post on instagram a post shared by beers of the burgh (@beersoftheburgh) cinco de mayo tacomania block party date: may 5, 2024 location: south side works snag a sampling pass from beers of the burgh and enjoy pours from trace, 11th hour, levity brewing and velum fermentation as you enjoy the city's best taco vendors and cheer on the action of enjoy wrestling stars like mv young and edith surreal. view this post on instagram a post shared by beers of the burgh (@beersoftheburgh) beers of the burgh festival date: june 8, 2024 location: carrie blast furnaces celebrate your love for local beers at the beers of the burgh festival ! 2024 will be the 10th anniversary of this must-attend beer fest. enjoy beers from more than 50 local breweries. taste test ales, ciders, seltzers, mead, lagers and plenty more from brewers unique to the three rivers regional area. the event also will feature live music and some of pittsburgh’s best food trucks including pittsburgh smokehouse, pittsburgh sandwich society and millie’s homemade ice cream. a portion of all ticket sales will benefit the rivers of steel heritage corporation and its mission to promote resource conservation and development. visit the event website for a full list of participating vendors and to purchase tickets. pittsburgh summer beerfest date: july 13, 2024 location: stage ae sample more than 150 local and craft brews, as well as new craft wineries and distilleries at one of pittsburgh's largest craft beer celebrations, held at the always-rockin' stage ae. view this post on instagram a post shared by pittsburghbeerfest (@pittsburghbeerfest) barrel & flow date: aug. 10, 2024 location: the stacks at 3 crossings barrel & flow is an event that needs circled on your calendar a year in advance. recognized as the nation’s first black beer festival, as well as the top beer festival in the country via usa today’s 10best list, the celebratory event embraces and uplifts black artists, musicians, chefs and brewers around the country. barrel & flow will feature exclusive collaborations, live music from djs and bands and a uniquely curated collection of vendors and opportunities to learn more about brewing. this year’s event also will feature special events throughout the weekend including a friday evening bottle share and a sunday brewer’s brunch. check out the event website to purchase festival tickets and to view a full list of barrels (brewers) and flow (performers). north hills home brew fest date: 2024 tbd location: pittsburgh shrine center pavilion local homebrewers duke it out for the top prize at north hills home brew fest in cheswick. only your vote and tastebuds can help crown the next winner! who knows? you might just be the first to taste the next great beer that will soon be for sale everywhere in the city. oktoberfest date: tbd 2024 location: penn brewery experience pittsburgh’s authentic oktoberfest celebration ! the festive celebration will take place over two weekends at the brewery’s mid-19th-century building and biergarten. enjoy classic german style bier, delicious food, traditional bavarian music and plenty of fun at pittsburgh’s oldest brewery. rocktoberfest date: tbd 2024 location: south side works eat. drink. dance. party. if this sounds like your sort of event, come to the beers of the burgh rocktoberfest in the south side works! old thunder, fermata, levity and inner groove will pouring alongside area food trucks and live music. lederhosen optional. view this post on instagram a post shared by beers of the burgh (@beersoftheburgh) the steel city big pour date: tbd 2024 location: construction junction cheers to craft brewing and fundraising for a great cause! the steel city big pour is celebrating 15 years with a craft beer event raising funds for construction junction, a non-profit warehouse supplying surplus construction materials & appliances at reduced prices. the day-long event is all-inclusive, featuring samples from more than 20 craft breweries and a meadery with bites from local food vendors. learn more about the event and purchase your ticket today! view this post on instagram a post shared by construction junction (@cjreuse) pour at the park date: tbd 2024 location: north park support pittsburgh's amazing parks in the beautiful north park lodge in this beer festival geared towards the whole family. basket raffles, a kid's sports camp, beer+spirits+food tastings and more make this the perfect fall festival where all proceeds go to a good cause. the scary furnace halloween party date: tbd 2024 location: carrie blast furnaces costumes encouraged. beers of the burgh and brew gentlemen have teamed up to transform the iconic carrie blast furnaces site into the scary furnace. this one night only party features a fall mini beer festival by day that transforms into a dance party by night that celebrates the darkness. scary furnace even features guided ghost tours of the haunted property itself. past events pittsburgh winter beerfest date: jan. 26-27, 2024 location: david l. lawrence convention center one of the largest craft beer events in the country, pittsburgh winter beerfest returns to the david l. lawrence convention center with hundreds of craft beer vendors on tap alongside local food trucks and restaurants! pittsburgh winter beerfest is a great winter warm up and helps kick off the packed pittsburgh beer festival year right. good wood fest date: feb. 17, 2024 location: east end brewing co. love barrel-aged beers? circle this event on your calendar. good wood fest features pittsburgh's best breweries showing off their barrel-aged stouts, strong ales aged in oak, barleywine aged in a scotch barrel, cider aged in wine barrels and so much more. pro tips headed out for a beer-filled day? be sure to remember these tips to make the most of your festival experience! don’t forget to eat drinking alcohol on an empty stomach is never a good idea! stay hydrated even though these festivals are taking place in the fall, it can still be hot and humid in pittsburgh. hydration can lead to serious health issues, so make sure to drink lots of water throughout the day! try something new we all have our go-to drinks and favorite types of beers, but don’t forget to have an open mind while attending these festivals. this is your chance to try all new types of beers. you never know what your next new favorite can be! plan a ride home finding a parking spot can be a challenge, and you certainly shouldn’t plan on driving after a day of drinking. make sure to have a ride scheduled in advance to get home safely. pace yourself and have fun! beer festivals are exciting and filled with plenty of diverse beverages to drink. know your limit, and make sure you pace yourself, in addition to drinking water and eating food, throughout the day. most importantly, remember to have fun and look out for you and your crew. share your story on social #lovepgh related blogs pittsburgh’s barrel & flow fest learn more 13 awesome pittsburgh craft breweries learn more pittsburgh: a craft beverage destination learn more pittsburgh’s welcoming craft beverage scene learn more outdoor drinks | a guide to pittsburgh patio season learn more pittsburgh craft breweries learn more bars & nightlife learn more author kylie m. blog author kylie is a pittsburgh native and duquesne university alum who loves to travel and explore new things. follow her on twitter @kyliemccracken_ for all things pgh, sports, food & drink. related content: save barrel & flow fest 744 e. warrington ave. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15210 details open in google maps map barrel & flow fest barrel & flow fest 744 e. warrington ave. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15210 (412) 592-2937 details website save pittsburgh brewers guild, inc. pennsylvania details open in google maps map pittsburgh brewers guild, inc. the pittsburgh brewers guild's first major project was the pittsburgh brewery guide. the guide is comprised of a passport size guide book listing information on the 40+ member breweries, including location, amenities and where to find the brewery on one of seven different local beer trails. along with the physical guide, there is also an interactive website where you can learn more about pittsburgh craft breweries as well as plot out your own brewery trail: pittsburghbreweries.com details website save penn brewery 800 vinial st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15212 details open in google maps map penn brewery penn brewery 800 vinial st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15212 (412) 237-9400 details website save penn brewery - pittsburgh international airport 1000 airport blvd., pittsburgh international airport, concourse a, airside terminal, between gates 6 and 8 pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15231 details open in google maps map penn brewery — pittsburgh international airport penn brewery - pittsburgh international airport 1000 airport blvd., pittsburgh international airport, concourse a, airside terminal, between gates 6 and 8 pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15231 (412) 472-5419 details website save hofbräuhaus pittsburgh 2705 s. water st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15203 details open in google maps map hofbräuhaus pittsburgh hofbräuhaus pittsburgh 2705 s. water st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15203 (412) 224-2328 details website save cinderlands warehouse 2601 smallman st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15222 details open in google maps map cinderlands warehouse cinderlands warehouse 2601 smallman st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15222 (412) 209-1575 details website save aslin beer company 1801 smallman st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15222 details open in google maps map aslin beer company aslin beer company 1801 smallman st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15222 (412) 586-5687 details website plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map