summer festivals and events in pittsburgh | visit pittsburgh | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home only in pittsburgh summer festivals & events mark your calendars for these 2024 pittsburgh summer festivals and check back often for event updates! pittsburgh is gearing up for an exciting summer full of fantastic events with inclusive festivals, free concerts, craft beer celebrations and so much more. looking for more to do? view our full calendar of events . millvale music festival | may 17-18, 2024 the millvale music festival is a free, community-organized event that showcases 300+ acts of original music ranging from reggae and jazz to country and rock at unique venues throughout the millvale community. eqt children's theater festival | may 17-19, 2024 a three-day celebration of youth theater in the cultural district with live performances, art activities, lego building, music, crafts and lots of play! most activities are free to participate in but some indoor shows at theatres are ticketed. kennywood bites & pints festival | fridays, saturdays & sundays may 24-june 30 thrill your tastebuds at kennywood’s bites & pints festival! sample chef-inspired tastings of international cuisine while sipping specialty cocktails, craft beer or wine as the racer zooms past. pittsburgh pride | may 31-june 2, 2024 celebrate pride month in pittsburgh! the first weekend in june is kicking off pride with parades, marches and parties occurring throughout pittsburgh neighborhoods. then, stick around to see what makes pittsburgh such a welcoming, inclusive community. dollar bank three rivers arts festival | may 31-june 9 the annual celebration of the arts returns in a new location in the cultural district! this free festival runs daily from noon-9 p.m. with world-class artists and featured music, including grammy award-winning artists and our own pittsburgh symphony orchestra, nightly at 7:30 p.m. 3 rivers comicon | june 1-2, 2024 comics, cosplay and all things nerdy come to live at the convention center for this incredible comic books and collectibles convention. this year's event features 200+ artists, vendors and special guests, and even a special beer release! beers of the burgh festival | june 8, 2024 celebrate your love for local craft beer with at beers of the burgh festival at carrie furnace. this year's festival features more than 50 of the area’s best brewers. experience an unprecedented variety of brews unique to the three rivers region while enjoying pittsburgh's best food trucks and live music. juneteenth celebration | june 14-16, 2024 pittsburgh will celebrate juneteenth from june 16-19, featuring a freedom day fest, live music, freedom parade, youthfest and minority vendor plaza spotlighting dozens of minority-owned businesses at point state park and downtown locations. anthrocon 2024 - anthrocoaster | july 4-7, 2024 one of the biggest events every summer, anthrocon returns to the steel city this summer with an event you can find only in pittsburgh. after the gigantic parade, join the anthrocon block party when the streets shut down and local businesses partner with fursuiters across the globe for an inclusive afternoon of fun. 4th of july celebration | july 4 celebrate independence day with fireworks at the point on july 4! enjoy a family-style picnic at the traditional point state park location with patriotic music and food vendors. the time of the fireworks celebration is 9:35 p.m. for 2024. northside music festival | july 12-14, 2024 the northside music festival is a free fest that brings hundreds of bands to enjoy at unique indoor and outdoor venues throughout distinctive pittsburgh northside locations. picklesburgh | july 18-21, 2024 named #1 specialty food festival in the us three times, this culinary and cultural celebration will, once again, fly the signature 35’ heinz pickle balloon. picklesburgh is a free festival that offers a unique space for festival goers to linger, enjoy food, listen to music and relish the energy of the event. tekko 2024 | july 18-21, 2024 pittsburgh's premier japanese pop culture convention returns to the david l. lawrence convention center in 2024! join fellow anime fans for a weekend full of fantastic guest meet-n-greets, cosplay competitions, games, j-rock concerts, pachinko and so much more. pittsburgh vintage grand prix | july 26-aug. 4, 2024 experience the nation’s only vintage street race and the largest vintage race event, spanning 10 days with two race weekends, car shows, parties, parades and motorsport events. goat fest | july 27, 2024 this festival is the goat, literally. this festival, held in south side park, is full of live music, children's activities, goat yoga and food trucks as goats feed off invasive vines to be replaced with native species. lawrenceville art crawl | aug. 3, 2024 dozens of businesses between 35th and 54th on butler street partner with local artists, performers and vendors for a one-of-a-kind art crawl that brings the entire community together. fall fantasy at kennywood | aug. 3-18, 2024 kennywood's fall fantasy parade include more than 130 bands from high schools and universities, along with beautifully decorated floats! rock, reggae & relief | aug. 10, 2024 happening on forbes avenue in downtown pittsburgh, this outdoor music event brings reggae tunes, unity and feel-good vibes to the city. headliners for 2024 tbd. proceeds benefit hospitality workers and food insecurity initiatives through the piatt family foundation. barrel & flow fest | aug. 10, 2024 new year, same block, same party. the nation’s first black brew fest is back an award-winning lineup showcasing black breweries, artists and business owners, with musicians and deejays throughout the day to keep the party going. vegfest | aug. 10, 2024 this family and pet-friendly celebration in the north side fills allegheny commons park with plant-powered cooking demonstrations, yoga, live music, wellness vendors and more served alongside the city's best veg good. summer restaurant week | aug. 12-18, 2024 it’s the most delicious time of year! pittsburgh restaurant week features dining specials highlighting the wide-ranging dining options that pittsburgh has to offer. featured restaurants offer dine-in and takeout specials. little italy days | aug. 15-18, 2024 celebrate bloomfield’s italian heritage at the annual little italy days. enjoy italian-themed food, play bocce, learn to stretch pizza dough and dance along with traditional entertainment this summer at the region’s largest heritage festival. pedalpgh | aug. 25, 2024 pittsburgh's favorite celebration on two wheels returns! choose from a flat, family-friendly 7 miler, to a beginner-friendly 25 miler, an advanced 4 mile route, or the most extreme 62 mile route. ballet under the stars | aug. 25, 2024 your favorite end-of-summer tradition is back, two months earlier than usual! gather your friends and family, pack your picnic blankets and head on over to beautiful hartwood acres for some late afternoon family fun, followed by an evening of outdoor ballet – all free to the public! pittsburgh international jazz festival | sept. 14-17, 2024 the pittsburgh international jazz festival presented by citizens bank brings people from all over the world to pittsburgh for jazz and community. this year's lineup is coming soon. the original pittsburgh taco festival | sept. 14, 2024 pittsburgh's top tacos and food trucks take over the stacks at 3 crossings! enjoy this community-centered event which features more than 25 food trucks and vendors plus live music, an art market and family fun. this festival is produced with the support of the pittsburgh hispanic development corporation (phdc) and casa san jose . highmark blues & heritage festival | tbd 2024 head to highmark stadium for the annual highmark blues & heritage festival! related blogs 10 things to do on pittsburgh’s three rivers learn more insider’s guide: gateway clipper fleet learn more 10 wet ways to stay cool in pittsburgh learn more where to enjoy a summer beer in pittsburgh learn more pittsburgh’s northside music festival learn more insider’s guide to bloomfield learn more pittsburgh is picklesburgh! learn more pittsburgh pride 2024 learn more insider’s guide to anthrocon with manicknux learn more ways to celebrate the 4th of july in pittsburgh in 2024 learn more author asaka n. plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map