pittsburgh music festivals to jam to | #lovepgh live music | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona < back pittsburgh music festivals to jam to pittsburgh hosts a number of fantastic music festivals throughout the year. make plans to catch a few of these must-see events. millvale music festival may 16-17, 2025 crowned the best music fest in pittsburgh by locals in 2024, this sprawling concert runs the entirety of the millvale neighborhood with venues everywhere from outdoors spaces to bars, breweries, community centers and mr. smalls . download their app in advance ( google play and app store ) which helps you personalize your music festival experience via band name, venue and/or genre. dollar bank three rivers arts festival june 5-9, 2025 this fun-filled event produced by the pittsburgh cultural trust boasts several days of free music and art, featuring a diverse concert lineup of renowned performers every night on the dollar bank main stage. pride on the shore tbd 2025 styling itself as pittsburgh pride re-imagined, pride on the show celebrates the lgbtq+ community via a two-day music fest at stage ae outdoors. view this post on instagram a post shared by pride on the shore (@prideontheshorepgh) four chord music festival 10 tbd 2025 this all-day, multi-stage festival is a throwback to the heyday of pop punk, emo, indie rock and more music from the early 2000s. view this post on instagram a post shared by four chord music festival (@fourchordmusicfestival) pittsburgh black music fest tbd 2025 the city of pittsburgh has been one of the premier locations for black music in america, exporting great music and musicians through the country. wyep summer music festival tbd 2025 this free, open-air concert is held at schenley plaza in oakland, and features a day-long celebration of national and local artists in a variety of genres. northside music festival july 11-13, 2025 this award-winning, free festival has become a staple event with more than 400 bands hosted over three days performing at 40+ indoor and outdoor stages in pittsburgh’s northside. additionally, you’ll find family-friendly activities, more than 70 food trucks, artist markets and tons of surprises. pittsburgh blues and roots festival july 25-27, 2025 having the blues never felt so good! this two-day festival takes over the pittsburgh shrine center each summer , with proceeds benefitted the autism society of pittsburgh and band together pittsburgh. view this post on instagram a post shared by pgh blues and roots festival (@pghbluesfestival) rock reggae and relief tbd 2025 rock, reggae and relief is a benefit music festival that brings reggae greats, local rock legends and feel-good vibes to downtown pittsburgh while offering a helping hand to neighbors in need. allegheny county music festival tbd 2025 held in the scenic hartwood acres park amphitheater, the music goes all day while food trucks, local wineries and craft breweries keep the party going. all proceeds benefit the allegheny county music festival fund. pittsburgh international jazz festival sept. 18-21, 2025 with pittsburgh’s rich jazz history, the pittsburgh international jazz festival (pijf) is the city’s premier music festival. pijf hosts live music with renowned artists from around the world at the highmark stadium. related blogs upcoming concerts in pittsburgh learn more insider’s guide to pittsburgh music venues learn more a mac miller fan’s guide to pittsburgh learn more pittsburgh international jazz festival learn more an unscripted night of musical magic learn more pittsburgh’s northside music festival learn more author asaka n. plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map