dig in to pittsburgh restaurant week | aug. 12-18, 2024 | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home dig in to pittsburgh restaurant week summer 2024 a guide to new dishes and new restaurants during this culinary celebration it's delicious. it's a great deal. and it's one of the marquee events of every summer in pittsburgh! pittsburgh restaurant week is a seven day feast with special menus from top restaurants going from aug. 12-18, 2024, throughout the city. if you've never participated, this event is a fantastic time to try a new restaurant or return to an old favorite, with special menus available only for that week all at a discounted price. for 2024, they're offering an extra weekend of these special menus aug. 9-11 and focusing on outdoor seating to pair your meal with beautiful city views. summer 2024 highlights there are 30+ restaurants participating in pittsburgh restaurant week for summer 2024. in the meantime, i've previewed some of my favorite dishes below from restaurants all across the city below. view the full menus of participants and learn more on the pittsburgh restaurant week website . important: be sure to make reservations in advance whenever possible to ensure you get to try all of the menus you like! carmella's plates & pints there's plenty of reasons to love carmella's on the south side: a massive selection of bourbon and tequila, live music , sunday brunch, and great food no matter when you visit. their 2024 summer restaurant week menu is absolutely mouthwatering and packed with fresh flavors perfect for the season. i'm already salivating for the elote pierogi filled with cotija cheese and potato and topped with a fire-grilled corn salsa and chipotle crema, and the jerked chicken served with rice and peas and crispy plantains is just what i'm craving. add on a split banana for dessert (the og banana split was invented here, after all) and you have just made the perfect restaurant week meal. view this post on instagram a post shared by carmella's plates & pints (@carmellasplatesandpints) hofbrauhaus clocking in at three courses and only $24.24, hofbrauhaus in the south side is one of the most affordable options on the list that packs big flavor into each bite. begin with one of their signature german soft pretzels and homemade bier cheese, then chow down on a sampler of wursts or delicious fried jagerschnitzel before ending with a light and delicious bavarian cream puff. now that's a meal to jump up on the table and sing about! plus, you'll have enough extra dough in your pocket to have a beer (or 4) to accompany this raucous dining experience. view this post on instagram a post shared by hofbräuhaus pittsburgh (@hofbrauhaus_pittsburgh) christian james personally, i love when restaurants go all out for pittsburgh restaurant week. this downtown restaurant is offering up nine new dishes as part of their special menu including filipino adobo chicken bites first course, soy-hoison sticky pork ribs main course and a portuguese egg tart dusted with cinnamon (one of portugal's most famous dishes) for dessert. christian james is known for serving a variety of global cuisine and infusing storytelling into each dish they present. with an ever-evolving menu, i'm positive you'll be back well after restaurant week ends to try something new! view this post on instagram a post shared by christian james (@thechristianjames.pgh) cadence+ cellars speakeasy you don't need to know the secret knock or password: everyone is invited to the bold flavors and vintage charm of cadence+ cellars speakeasy in the strip district. their dinner menu starts off light with a strawberry and grilled watermelon salad, setting the stage for a beautiful slow roasted birria taco main course (served with spanish rice and plantains) and ending on a sweet note with fried dolce de leche ice cream. oh, and all of these pair perfectly with cadence+'s expert mix of classic and more innovative cocktails, so feel free to imbibe. view this post on instagram a post shared by common plea catering (@commonpleacatering) lemont pittsburgh whether you're celebrating an anniversary, date night or nothing at all, lemont pittsburgh sets the stage with an unparalleled view of the city high atop mt. washington with upscale flavors expertly prepared by executive chef michael campbell. it's tough to choose between their classic lemont salad and italian wedding soup (one of my favorite soups in the whole city), but make that tough decision to pave the way to miso glazed salmon and tuscan chicken entrees and either a chocolate layer cake or burnt almond torte for dessert. every item on this menu is a show-stopper, so don't be afraid to ask for a bite from your date's plate so you can get a taste of everything. view this post on instagram a post shared by eternalux pittsburgh (@eternalux_412) the porch at schenley to me, there's nothing that says summer dining more than the porch at schenley . located right in the middle of schenley plaza, this restaurant is loaded with outdoor seating to enjoy the views of oakland with a menu full of the flavors of the season. in fact, if you look around, you'll see herbs and produce growing right in their garden being harvested just for your dish that day. it doesn't get any fresher than that! the porch is offering a new dish for pittsburgh summer restaurant week 2024 as well. get their delicious bbq pork shank with cous cous corn salad and cherry-caramel jus while you can! view this post on instagram a post shared by the porch (@theporchpgh) more this is just an appetizer of what you can expect from pittsburgh restaurant week. for the full list of all participating locations and even more menus, visit their website . related blogs top places to eat in downtown pittsburgh learn more 15 foods you can only get in pittsburgh learn more restaurants & culinary learn more pittsburgh dining guide: oakland neighborhood learn more insider’s guide: pittsburgh vegan restaurants & vegetable forward menus learn more pittsburgh: a foodie destination learn more feasting through pittsburgh: my journey & foodie guide | student perspectives learn more author jared b. enthusiastic pittsburgher always in search of the next great craft beer and arcade. can be found in the supporters section of pittsburgh riverhounds games and at whatever festival is happening in the city. related content: save pittsburgh restaurant week/pittsburgh tastebuds ltd. pittsburgh, pennsylvania details open in google maps map pittsburgh restaurant week/​pittsburgh tastebuds ltd. (412) 586-4727 details website save cadence+ at the strip 2400 smallman st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15222 details open in google maps map cadence+ at the strip cadence+ at the strip 2400 smallman st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15222 (412) 912-9134 details website save carmella's plates & pints 1908 e. carson st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15203 details open in google maps map carmella’s plates & pints carmella's plates & pints 1908 e. carson st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15203 (412) 918-1215 details website save hofbräuhaus pittsburgh 2705 s. water st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15203 details open in google maps map hofbräuhaus pittsburgh hofbräuhaus pittsburgh 2705 s. water st. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15203 (412) 224-2328 details website save the porch at schenley 221 schenley dr. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15213 details open in google maps map the porch at schenley the porch at schenley 221 schenley dr. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15213 (412) 687-6724 details website save lemont restaurant 1114 grandview ave. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15211 details open in google maps map lemont restaurant lemont restaurant 1114 grandview ave. pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15211 (412) 431-3100 details website save joinery hotel pittsburgh, curio collection by hilton 453 blvd. of the allies pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15219 details open in google maps map joinery hotel pittsburgh, curio collection by hilton joinery hotel pittsburgh, curio collection by hilton 453 blvd. of the allies pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15219 (412) 339-1870 details website plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map