privacy | pittsburgh, pennsylvania tourism | visit pittsburgh | visit pittsburgh skip to content newsletter discover your persona 54 ° f 0 saved navigation things to do free things to do family fun tours & sightseeing outdoor adventure arts & culture shopping health & wellness pittsburgh sports teams casinos & gaming film festivals events & festivals submit your event this week in pittsburgh annual events holiday events halloween events film festivals food festivals marathons, runs & walks hotels & resorts restaurants & culinary bars & nightlife pittsburgh craft breweries wineries & distilleries farms & farmers markets plan your trip pittsburgh insiders guide discounts and passes beyond pittsburgh transportation explore black culture & heritage lgbtqia+ travel in pittsburgh pet-friendly travel college visits senior travel medical travel accessibility guide weather welcome centers newsletter neighborhoods meetings and events meet in pittsburgh hotels event services marketing toolkit group tour submit rfp contact us show your badge sportspittsburgh about sportspittsburgh sports event planner sports facilities calendar of events sports event attendee power of sports economy weddings & reunions media partners discover your persona home privacy privacy visitpittsburgh is concerned about your privacy. we want you to understand what personally identifiable information we collect about you, and how we use your personally identifiable information. what is "personally identifiable information"? "personally identifiable information" (pii) refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains. this includes information that is used in a way that is personally identifiable, including linking it with identifiable information from other sources, or from which other personally identifiable information can easily be derived, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information. to the extent unique information (which by itself is not personally identifiable information) such as a personal profile, unique identifier, biometric information, and ip address is associated with personally identifiable information, then such unique information is also considered personally identifiable information. personally identifiable information does not include information that is collected anonymously (i.e., without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual. what pii does visitpittsburgh collect and how? when you register on our visitpittsburgh web site, we will ask you for certain pii such as, your address, telephone number, and e-mail address. if you use our request for proposal option, we will ask you for detailed information regarding your meeting requirements so that responding proposals from our members are on-target with your needs. if you send visitpittsburgh correspondence, via email, fax, or regular mail, or if other users or third parties such as businesses send us correspondence about your activities in connection with your use of the web site, visitpittsburgh may retain that information. further, if any third parties provide information to us about you, we will treat that information in accordance with this privacy policy. visitpittsburgh may use cookies, or functionally equivalent technology, to collect certain information about you based upon your behavior while visiting the visitpittsburgh web site. this information may include the uniform resource locator (url) that you just came from (whether this url is on the site or not), which url you next go to (whether this url is on the site or not), what browser you are using, and your ip address. certain features of web site might only be available through the use of such tools. for example, cookies help to reduce the number of times you need to enter certain information about yourself or a planned event while on the site. cookies can also help us provide information about services that are targeted to your particular interests. cookies are stored on your local machine, not on the site. you are always free to decline cookies if your browser has this functionality, although if you do so, you might not be able to use certain features on the visitpittsburgh web site which are dependent on the information those cookies collect, and you might be required to reenter certain information more frequently during a session. visitpittsburgh will not link information collected by cookies to any pii. additionally, visitpittsburgh collects demographic data from google's interest-based advertising through google analytics. as a user you can opt-out of the google analytics by downloading and installing the opt-out add-on for your browser . how does visitpittsburgh use pii? we use the information you provide through the registration process: to provide you with the information and services you request; to communicate with you on matters relating to the web site and your account; to provide necessary information to our member hotels, convention centers, meeting places, and other businesses to permit them to prepare proposals for you in response to your requests for proposals and/or provide other requested information; and to provide you with information about related services and/or products from our members. information that is automatically collected regarding your activities while visiting our web site is used to enhance your interactive experience during your visit. use of this information helps us to better understand and immediately respond to your particular interests while you navigate our site. this information as well as demographic information derived from your registration and others may be aggregated and shared with associates and third parties, but only in aggregated form that does not contain any pii. in addition, visitpittsburgh uses information maintained about you, and other information obtained from your current and past activities to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and, if necessary, to enforce our rights. at times, visitpittsburgh may review the information of multiple users to identify problems or to resolve disputes. what choices are available regarding the collection, use and disclosure of pii? you may at any time choose to disclose or not disclose the pii we request; however, if you choose not to disclose the requested information, we may not be able to provide you with some or all of the information or services you request. if you do not wish to receive certain communications from visitpittsburgh such as marketing communications, you may opt out by declining the service offered or informing us that you no longer wish to receive such communications. we will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request unless such communications are necessary for the administration of your account, required by law, or necessary to protect our rights. who does visitpittsburgh share private information with? visitpittsburgh may disclose your pii to our member hotels, convention centers, meeting places, and other businesses to permit them to prepare proposals for you in response to your requests for proposals and/or provide other requested information. we require our members and any other businesses to whom we disclose your pii to adhere to the restrictions in this privacy policy and to use your pii only to provide you with the information you request. visitpittsburgh may disclose pii to certain intermediaries (third party services providers who do not store, retain or use your pii) solely to the extent necessary to provide the information and services you request through visitpittsburgh. visitpittsburgh will disclose pii if required to do so by law, regulation, subpoena or other court order. in the event of a restructuring, sale of assets, merger, divestiture or other change of control or financial status affecting visitpittsburgh or the gpcvb that could involve disclosure of pii as an incidental result of a transfer of assets by operation of law or otherwise, visitpittsburgh will notify you prior to any disclosure of your pii and provide you with an opportunity to request that your pii be deleted from all visitpittsburgh records, or, to the extent such deletion is impractical, maintain your pii in a secured environment and not disclose your pii to any third party. visitpittsburgh will use all reasonable efforts to comply with such requests. visitpittsburgh will not use or disclose your pii in any way except as specified in this privacy policy with your prior written or active e-mail consent. out of the new use or disclosure provisions. how does visitpittsburgh or its providers protect the security of pii? the visitpittsburgh website employs a number of current technology security measures to protect the security of pii. some of these measures currently include: secure sockets layer protocol for all e-commerce transactions; verisign certification; user login/ password protection; cybercash encryption protocols for all transactional processing; access to credit card data only through administratively controlled security levels and user login/ password. all visitpittsburgh personnel are informed of and required to abide by the requirements of this privacy policy, and access is limited to those individuals who require access in order to provide services in connection with the visitpittsburgh web site. how can i correct any inaccuracies in my pii? you may at any time request access to the pii we have collected about you, and may request corrections or updates to that information. visitpittsburgh will make reasonable efforts to respond promptly to all such requests, but reserves the right to limit such requests to two per year per individual. you may e-mail your requests to info@visitpittsburgh.com. in addition, you may at any time request visitpittsburgh to delete/deactivate your pii by sending a request to the above e-mail address. please allow at least thirty (30) days for us to fully implement such requests. in the event that we are unable to physically delete all pii, we will deactivate such information, e.g., we will maintain it in a secure area, but will not use, transfer, sell or disclose the pii to any third party. remarketing/retargeting policy this website uses the google adwords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including google) to previous visitors to our site. it could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who have not completed a task on our site or visited key pages, for example requesting a visitors guide. this could be in the form of an advertisement on the google search results page, or a site in the google display network. third-party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to visitpittsburgh's website. of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and google's privacy policy. you can opt out of google's use of cookies by visiting google's ads settings . alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the network advertising initiative opt-out page . you via e-mail of the new policy and provide you with an opportunity to opt additional information: this privacy policy only applies to information collected by visitpittsburgh. any information you provide to, or that is collected by, third-party sites may be subject to the privacy policies of those sites, if any. we encourage you to read such privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit. it is the sole responsibility of such third parties to adhere to any applicable restrictions on the disclosure of your pii, and visitpittsburgh and affiliates shall not be liable for wrongful use or disclosure of your pii by any third party. you should also be aware that if you submit information to chat rooms, forums or message boards such information becomes public information, meaning that you lose any privacy rights you might have in that information. such disclosures may also increase your chances of receiving unwanted communications. visitpittsburgh reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time by posting a new privacy policy on the visitpittsburgh website. however, if we change our privacy policy to permit a new use or disclosure of pii, we will not so use or disclose your pii collected prior to posting of the new policy unless we first notify plan your trip with the new pittsburgh insider's guide start planning contact us privacy blog about us 120 fifth avenue fifth avenue place suite 2800 pittsburgh, pa 15222 (412) 281-7711 toll free: (877) 568-3744 ©️2025 visit pittsburgh. all rights reserved. privacy policy this site uses cookies to enhance your experience. accept experience builder quick search full search location map