getting here - picklesburgh visit getting here festival maps accessibility festival schedules vendors entertainment gherkin games li’l gherkins kidsplay activity area taste of picklesburgh get involved news photo gallery contact us getting here festival location picklesburgh 2025 will take place in downtown pittsburgh. location details to be announced in the coming months. road closures road closures for the 2025 festival will be released prior to the event. bus, bike, & light rail getting to downtown pittsburgh is easy via public transit. plan your trip using the port authority’s trip planner, or utilize pogoh bike share , and the bike lane network to bike into town. don’t forget: once you’re downtown, the light rail free fare zone can get you from downtown to the north shore quickly and for free. the bike parking area is located at one ppg place under the fourth ave. portico. driving & parking no matter where you’re coming from there are lots of convenient parking options for picklesburgh! new this year! advance reserved parking: picklesburgh parking with iparkit . be sure to select the date and time that suits your plans. park near picklesburgh or across town to avoid festival traffic. real-time parking availability all around downtown: parkpgh.org you can also take public transit – there are multiple lines that get you very close to the festival footprint! accommodations with numerous options that are an easy walk to and from the festival, it’s easier than ever to make a weekend out of picklesburgh! view a full listing of local hotels at on our downtown hotel directory . twitter facebook instagram linkedin picklesburgh™ is produced by the pittsburgh downtown partnership picklesburgh™ is a registered trademark of the pittsburgh downtown partnership back to top search for: search visit getting here festival maps accessibility festival schedules vendors entertainment gherkin games li’l gherkins kidsplay activity area taste of picklesburgh get involved news photo gallery contact us