faqs | 2024 taco festival in pittsburgh, pa  | september 14th, 2024 home about vendors map faqs buy tickets faqs the pittsburgh taco festival ® exists to celebrate the finest handfood known to mankind! september, 14th, 2024 12:30pm - 7:00pm the pittsburgh taco festival exists to celebrate the finest handfood known to mankind! september 10, 2022 12:00-7:00pm are tickets refundable/transferable? refunds will not be issued on any tickets for any reason. tickets can be transferred to another person other than the name listed on the ticket. does my general admission ticket include tacos? the price of tickets goes toward covering the costs of producing an event of this scale; including tent, table, and other rentals; entertainment; facility fees; security; etc. vendors keep all the revenues they generate during the festival. can i bring dogs/pets to the festival? we love dogs and pets as much as you do! however, since food is being bought/sold/consumed by many different people, we ask that you leave your four-footed loved ones at home. how can i sign up to be a vendor at the festival? for information about becoming a vendor at the festival, please contact our team at vendors@pghtacofest.com . will tickets will be available on the day of the event? this event has sold out every year that it has been held. tickets go on sale on june 1 at 12:00pm (in the event that any tickets do remain the day of the event, they will be sold at the box office only, on a strictly first-come-first-served basis, for $20 each). do you have a list of vendors? yes. please see the vendor list here . it will be updated as we continue to add great taco vendors, so please check back frequently. **if your favorite taqueria isn't listed, or yet confirmed, please ask them if they'll be participating in the pittsburgh taco festival ® next time you visit them! will vendors be accepting credit card payments? vendors are responsible for their own menus and how they choose to accept payments. if a vendor is cash only, they will be required to have visible signage stating so. is this a family friendly event? all ages are welcome at the taco festival. children ages 5+ require a ticket. we will have games, free face painting, and activities for their enjoyment. will there be vegetarian/vegan/gluten-free options available? yes. some of our vendors have strictly vegetarian/vegan menus. many others have vegetarian options on an otherwise traditional menu. check the vendor page for details on the offerings from each vendor. who can i contact for sponsorship/advertising opportunities? for information about sponsorship and advertising, please contact our team at pr@pghtacofest.com . who can i contact about media inquiries? please send an email to pr@pghtacofest.com . we will get back in touch with you promptly. will parking be available? there are ample options for both street and paid lot/garage parking throughout the strip district. 2024 pittsburgh taco festival ® venue address 2875 railroad st, pittsburgh, pa 15222 stay tuned on social media for official announcements pr@pghtacofest.com follow us get tickets here copyright © pittsburgh taco festival 2024 | all rights reserved | privacy policy | website by refresh