little italy days | italian festival little italy days navigation home entertainment schedule become a vendor parking & important information faq about us shop bloomfield businesses community report home entertainment schedule become a vendor parking & important information faq about us shop bloomfield businesses community report region's largest heritage festival celebrating our roots & supporting bloomfield businesses 2025 dates thursday august 14, 5:00pm-9:00pm •  friday august 15, noon-9:00pm • saturday august 16 noon-9:00pm • sunday august 17, noon-5:00pm 4 days • 3 packed stages • over 30 acts! all italian...all spectacular...all free! official sponsors stage & entertainment sponsors sponsored in part get the vip experience! $19.95 for one, $34.95 for two vip experience includes: 1 little italy days t-shirt 1 slice of pizza from caliente pizza 1 bottle of water vip restroom access access to vip tent for seating near main stage and to relax with shelter from the sun. buy vip experience location in pittsburgh, pa on liberty avenue in bloomfield. from ella st. to gross st. parking & seating please do not park in the permitted residential parking spaces in bloomfield, respect the limited parking available for residents. also, you will be ticketed. use one of these options. limited seating is available, bring lawn chairs to be sure of getting a seat. in partnership we are pleased to support bloomfield alliance, bloomfield business network, bloomfield citizens council, and bloomfield development corporation. italians vs. irish celebrity bocce tournament the italians continued their winning streak for a third straight year! come and see who takes the trophy home for 2023! click image to view gallery celebrity bocce challenge - politicians and media personalities compete on the bocce court! little italy days bocce tournament – our annual tournament will be held on saturday and sunday. if you’d like to enter a team, reach out to corrado or adam at littleitalydaysbocce@gmail.com or 412-480-5918/412-600-5702 for details. the entry fee is $150 per team. the tournament will be double elimination and begins at 10 am on saturday morning and continues sunday morning at 9am.  teams must arrive by 9:30am saturday for bracket drawing, no exceptions.the bocce court is located on cedarville street next to the pleasure bar. miss little italy pagaent the miss little italy is a family-oriented festival pageant, celebrating a special bloomfield tradition. contestants do not need to be of italian heritage or reside in the city of pittsburgh. event fee: $35.00 for first child. includes a participation gift for all. miss little italy winners receive a crown, sash & flowers. download miss little italy application sunday, july 28, 2019, hillcrest country club, lower burrell this event looks to celebrate all things italian with  lighthearted  references to “the godfather” movie, all while benefitting the bruno and carol sammartino foundation , whose mission is to provide those they serve with food, shelter, and services to ease their burdens of life’s basic necessities. golf will begin promptly at 1:30 with a shotgun start, scramble format, with trophies awarded to lowest score. there will also be a separate bocce tournament held.  this will also begin at 1:30, and will be limited to 10-4 man teams the events will be followed with cocktails(cash bar), music, italian buffet dinner, and short dinner program.   program will be hosted by kdka radio morning news host, and pittsburgh’s favorite non-italian(but is married to one!), larry richert. download entry form download flyer home entertainment schedule become a vendor parking & important information faq about us shop bloomfield businesses community report bloomfied little italy days © 2022