bloomfield-businesses | little italy days little italy days navigation home entertainment schedule become a vendor parking & important information faq about us shop bloomfield businesses community report home entertainment schedule become a vendor parking & important information faq about us shop bloomfield businesses community report shop bloomfield businesses bloomfield is filled with amazing local busineses, make sure you check them out during the festival and throughout the year! highmark for some 75 years, we have helped build healthier, stronger communities. let us be your partner in good health — at your doctor’s office, at your workplace, at home and in your community. view website allegheny health network at allegheny health network (ahn), we put our patients first. you get the right care at the right time in your neighborhood and throughout western pennsylvania. and it’s personalized according to your needs. view website upmc a passion for innovation lies at the heart of upmc’s success. upmc’s  unique strategy of combining clinical and research excellence with  business-like discipline translates into high-quality patient care for  both western pennsylvanians and the global community. view website rohrich honda rohrich honda is proud to be your pittsburgh honda dealership of choice! you can find our new and used dealership on 5121 liberty avenue . at rohrich honda it’s our goal to exceed your expectations from test drive to delivery and beyond. contact us at (412) 683-3800 view website pleasure bar since 1941, the pleasure bar has been providing spirits in pittsburgh. saddled with more tradition than can be put into words, our staff is committed to maintaining one of the longest standing destinations in the city. view website angelo's pizzeria angelo’s pizzeria is a privately owned local pizza establishment in the heart of bloomfield,or little italy. we use fresh ingredients and value the “qualita” of our pizza. as “master pizzero”, i have been making great pizza for our valued customers for over 30 years. view website ﻿​ dan cercone barber shop classic barber shop in the heart of bloomfield at 4720 liberty ave, pittsburgh, pa 15224. (412) 621-7797 groceria italiana the oldest neighborhood italian store in pittsburgh, which is located in pittsburgh’s “little italy” . watch the making of pasta and ravioli right before your eyes! the freshest lunchmeat, which is cut to order. handmade tuscan breadpies and the best “lunch-to-go in town. located at 227 cedarville street (chrisopher columbus way). call 412.681.1227 view facebook page lot 17 we welcome the new comers, the regulars, the young and the old, we don’t have a preference, you don’t have to fit any mold. from beer, whiskey, soda and tea — no judgments are made, for this you will see. burgers, fries, salads, & soup too, why not bring a friend or maybe the whole crew. so whether you’re bored, hungry, or out for a good time, remember to keep lot 17 in mind. view website bloomfield drug store bloomfield drug store is your locally owned health mart pharmacy. we continue to do our very best to earn your trust and look forward to being your pharmacy. we have survived the competion, the corporate chains and mass grocery store outlets by taking the time to know you and your individual situations. as health mart pharmacists we know there’s nothing more important than your family’s health. care, quality, value, expertise and dedication – plus all the services your family need and deserve! view website caliente pizza & draft house #1 craft beer bar in pittsburgh with hard to source beers from across the country & around the world. with 24 rotating taps & over 150 different bottles of beer. winners of the international pizza expo in las vegas nv in 2016, 2017 & 2018. home of the worlds best pan pizza. dine-in, delivery & take out. view website exercise warehouse gym exercise warehouse gym offers the finest facility in the pittsburgh area. health conscious individuals, both men and women who take weight training seriously, achieve their goals here. beginners, intermediates and advanced trainees all train here. personal trainers are available. view website froggy's bar located on liberty avenue in historic bloomfield, froggy’s bar is the area’s next fun night out. with great live music and entertainment, all your favorite sports, and the best popcorn in town, we have the classic pub charm with a new age twist. froggy’s is the perfect pittsburgh spot! hop on by. view website lou's little corner bar great neighborhood bar in blomfield, located at 4924 liberty ave, pittsburgh, pa 15224 view facebook page state farm insurance agent mike newell i am your state farm insurance agent for the pittsburgh area.  my team and i enjoy assisting residents relocating to the pittsburgh, pa area! we focus on auto insurance, homeowner’s insurance, renter’s insurance, life insurance, and business insurance throughout pittsburgh and the surrounding pennsylvania areas! call or stop by the office for a free car insurance or home insurance quote in pittsburgh, pa! view website allure welcome to allure, a treasure trove of fashions, accessories, and jewelry from new york and around the globe. allure specializes in comfortable, versatile, flattering styles including many one of a kind items. we offer a unique shopping experience immersing you in exotic displays, gorgeous color, and beautiful music. owner and artist ellen levick has created a gallery intertwining art and clothing evolving for each season with new shipments arriving every week. the boutique is a delight to the senses and allows customers to shop in a relaxing atmosphere. view website leone's florist our shop has an experienced certified staff, including owner, ron leone, who graduated from pittsburgh’s floral academy in master design and wedding work. leone’s florist specializes in flowers of european design and provides custom made arrangements using flowers from all over the world. view website g m dog n' burger fast-food cafe offering hot dogs & hamburgers, plus shakes & breakfast eats. view facebook page merante gifts everything to make your italian style house become a true italian home! we offer unique gifts and gift baskets, cookies, catering, private dining and cooking classes. view website paddy cake bakery let us create your next custom birthday, wedding, or special occasion cake! view website home entertainment schedule become a vendor parking & important information faq about us shop bloomfield businesses community report bloomfied little italy days © 2022