buy pirates group tickets | pittsburgh pirates tickets 2025 ticket info & schedule 2025 spring training single game tickets mini plans season tickets special ticket events group tickets fan value deals pittsburgh baseball club level premium seating hospitality areas my pirates tickets digital ticketing 3d seating map pnc park tours concerts & events mlb ballpark app buy & sell tickets on seatgeek premium schedule 2025 spring training schedule 2025 regular season schedule promotions schedule sortable schedule printable schedule downloadable schedule broadcast schedule mlb events scores stats team stats top prospect stats affiliate stats baseball savant roster 40-man roster non-roster invitees depth chart starting lineups coaches transactions injury updates draft results front office broadcasters player search minor league affiliates top 30 prospects video run it back pirates charities pirates game recap most popular photos news latest headlines official releases probable pitchers game notes pirates pipeline rss news feed mlb news pnc park ballpark information ballpark enhancements gameday guide pnc park tours concerts & events plan your special event pirates clubhouse store features, facts & firsts let's go bucs, let's go green. experience history at pnc park team history pirates charities fans piratesfest pirates hall of fame souvenir tickets dave parker hof travel packages going to bat for small business social media email newsletters experiences & merchandise mascots and more pirates kids bucaroos kids club pirates gift guide apps mlb mlb ballpark mlb play milb mlb home run derby mlb faqs mlb ballpark faqs mlb play faqs standings sth hq mlb.tv buy mlb.tv mlb.tv st schedule watch & listen help center shop jerseys caps men's women's kids big & tall trading cards collectibles & memorabilia home & office clearance european shop gift certificates pirates auctions - bid or buy mlb auctions - bid or buy mlb authentication team store locations teams al east baltimore orioles baltimore boston red sox boston new york yankees ny yankees tampa bay rays tampa bay toronto blue jays toronto al central chicago white sox chi white sox cleveland guardians cleveland detroit tigers detroit kansas city royals kansas city minnesota twins minnesota al west athletics athletics houston astros houston los angeles angels la angels seattle mariners seattle texas rangers texas nl east atlanta braves atlanta miami marlins miami new york mets ny mets philadelphia phillies philadelphia washington nationals washington nl central chicago cubs chi cubs cincinnati reds cincinnati milwaukee brewers milwaukee pittsburgh pirates pittsburgh st. louis cardinals st. louis nl west arizona diamondbacks arizona colorado rockies colorado los angeles dodgers la dodgers san diego padres san diego san francisco giants san francisco español log in group tickets pirates games are more fun in groups, so start planning your group outing now! pirates games are the perfect events to create new memories with any type of group. from clients to colleagues, sports teams, schools, family and friends, pirates group tickets offer a wide variety of seating and pricing options to fit any group need. all group tickets of 15+ people come with loaded value – food & beverage and merchandise credit loaded on each ticket to use on the day of the game. for additional group options or to contact someone from group tickets, please call 1-800-buy-bucs or click here to fill out the group information request form. comments-75822 request info telephone-75823 1-800-buy-bucs support-75824 live chat interested in opening day tickets? please submit a group information request form and a sales representative will reach out to you with more information. request info group tickets info faq accordion-contract-75825 accordion-expand-75826 how many people do you need in order to receive a group discount? groups of 15 or more are eligible to receive discounted ticket prices. suites and hospitality areas are also available if you are looking to host a catered space. for more information, give us a call at 1-800-buy-bucs or visit pirates.com/groups. accordion-contract-75827 accordion-expand-75828 how do i get my tickets? tickets can be accessed digitally via the mlb ballpark app for easy and quick entry into the ballpark, please have your tickets ready on your mobile device in the mlb ballpark app. fans are encouraged to add their mobile tickets to their apple wallet for ease of entry to the ballpark. accordion-contract-75829 accordion-expand-75830 can we get a refund if we don't use all of our group tickets? group tickets are non-refundable once paid in full. accordion-contract-75831 accordion-expand-75832 if i need additional tickets can i get them at the discounted price? additional tickets can be purchased at the discounted group rate, based on availability. please note: the pirates use a real time pricing model that more accurately reflects the demand for each game and provides fans with more price options. with advanced metrics linked to the pirates' ticketing system, the ticket prices are adjusted upward or downward based on the demand for each game. this provides fans with greater price flexibility based on real-time market conditions. accordion-contract-75833 accordion-expand-75834 is food and beverage provided with my group ticket purchase? some ticket sections may already include loaded value which can be used to purchase concessions or merchandise the day of your game at pnc park. other group tickets do not have loaded value included but have the option to add it on in increments of $5. learn more about hospitality options available in the skull bar, rooftop, porch, luxury suites, and world series suites accordion-contract-75835 accordion-expand-75836 how can i get my group's name on the scoreboard? with the purchase of 10 or more tickets, your group's name will be displayed on the side led board starting at the 1st inning break. if you would like a message on our main scoreboard through our pirates charities donation platform, please visit pirates.com/scoreboard . accordion-contract-75837 accordion-expand-75838 how can i throw out a first pitch? first pitches are awarded to groups who purchase a minimum of 250 tickets. these are filled on a first-come first-serve basis and are subject to availability. accordion-contract-75839 accordion-expand-75840 where can i drop off disabled guests? vehicles displaying state-issued disabled parking permits will be allowed to drop-off and pick-up passengers along mazeroski way and west general robinson. this is a no parking zone. drivers must stay with the vehicle; unattended vehicles may be ticketed and towed away. please limit your use of this zone to less than 5 minutes so that it remains available to others. parking for guests with disabilities is available in the parking lots surrounding pnc park. this parking is available on a first-come first-served basis. call alco parking corporation at (412) 323-4455 for more information. accordion-contract-75841 accordion-expand-75842 is there a place we can be dropped off and picked up? drop-off zones are located near the ballpark along mazeroski way and west general robinson street. accordion-contract-75843 accordion-expand-75844 is there bus parking available at the ballpark? yes, buses should park on reedsdale street between allegheny avenue and art rooney way or on art rooney way between reedsdale and west general robinson. everything else between the stadiums and on north shore drive is posted no parking for pnc park and acrisure stadium events. they can pick-up and drop-off (before and after games) along north shore drive, but they can't park there during games. accordion-contract-75845 accordion-expand-75846 are bags and coolers allowed in the ballpark? the pnc park bag policy is designed to enhance the safety of all guests entering pnc park as well as streamline the ballpark entry process to provide guests with a safe and enjoyable gameday experience. each guest is permitted to bring one bag into the ballpark (purses, fanny packs, backpacks, etc.) provided that the bag is soft-sided and 16” x 16” x 8” or smaller. bags exceeding these dimensions will not be permitted inside the ballpark. all bags are subject to search. exceptions to bag policy: medical reasons: bags carried for medical reasons may be brought into pnc park after being properly searched by security. examples of medical reasons may include, but are not limited to, bags containing medical equipment, monitors, pumps, prosthetics, prescription medication, special dietary supplements, hearing assistance devices, aids for autism spectrum disorders, and breast feeding pumps. over the counter medications are generally not considered a “medical reason” unless accompanied by medical directives from a physician. diaper bags: bags carried with diapers and supplies for the care of young children (infant or toddler), or a child with disabilities, are permitted after being properly searched by security. examples of diaper bag contents include, but are not limited to, diapers, infant or child clothing, infant blankets, children’s bottles, sipping cups, formula, breast milk pumps, wipes, and snacks for the child. security supervisors should be contacted with any questions regarding these exceptions. accordion-contract-75847 accordion-expand-75848 what is the policy on bottles, cans and outside beverages? water bottles should not exceed 24 ounces in size, and must be clear, plastic, sealed and disposable. children's juice boxes and items necessary for medical purposes are permitted. alcoholic beverages, carbonated beverages, sports drinks, cans, glass bottles and thermoses are not allowed. outside food and beverage is not permitted entry into the home plate club, suite level or the left field lounge areas. accordion-contract-75849 accordion-expand-75850 do infants need a ticket? do you offer children's pricing? pnc park offers complimentary admission to children under 32" in height. however, we do request that these children sit in their parent or guardian's lap and not occupy an additional seat. group tickets are a flat rate price for both children and adults. accordion-contract-75851 accordion-expand-75852 what time do the gates open at pnc park? gates will open one and one-half (1 ½) hours before game time for all start times excluding 6:40 p.m. games where gates will only open one (1) hour before game time monday-thursday and one and one-half (1 ½) hours before game time friday-saturday. the home plate club will open two (2) hours prior to game time. accordion-contract-75853 accordion-expand-75854 how does parking and transportation work? parking is available at numerous surrounding locations near the ballpark. for more information on parking and transportation options, visit pirates.com/parking . official info help/contact us accessibility job opportunities corporate partnerships