ticket technology faqs | pittsburgh pirates tickets 2025 ticket info & schedule 2025 spring training single game tickets mini plans season tickets special ticket events group tickets fan value deals pittsburgh baseball club level premium seating hospitality areas my pirates tickets digital ticketing 3d seating map pnc park tours concerts & events mlb ballpark app buy & sell tickets on seatgeek premium schedule 2025 spring training schedule 2025 regular season schedule promotions schedule sortable schedule printable schedule downloadable schedule broadcast schedule mlb events scores stats team stats top prospect stats affiliate stats baseball savant roster 40-man roster non-roster invitees depth chart starting lineups coaches transactions injury updates draft results front office broadcasters player search minor league affiliates top 30 prospects video run it back pirates charities pirates game recap most popular photos news latest headlines official releases probable pitchers game notes pirates pipeline rss news feed mlb news pnc park ballpark information ballpark enhancements gameday guide pnc park tours concerts & events plan your special event pirates clubhouse store features, facts & firsts let's go bucs, let's go green. experience history at pnc park team history pirates charities fans piratesfest pirates hall of fame souvenir tickets dave parker hof travel packages going to bat for small business social media email newsletters experiences & merchandise mascots and more pirates kids bucaroos kids club pirates gift guide apps mlb mlb ballpark mlb play milb mlb home run derby mlb faqs mlb ballpark faqs mlb play faqs standings sth hq mlb.tv buy mlb.tv mlb.tv st schedule watch & listen help center shop jerseys caps men's women's kids big & tall trading cards collectibles & memorabilia home & office clearance european shop gift certificates pirates auctions - bid or buy mlb auctions - bid or buy mlb authentication team store locations teams al east baltimore orioles baltimore boston red sox boston new york yankees ny yankees tampa bay rays tampa bay toronto blue jays toronto al central chicago white sox chi white sox cleveland guardians cleveland detroit tigers detroit kansas city royals kansas city minnesota twins minnesota al west athletics athletics houston astros houston los angeles angels la angels seattle mariners seattle texas rangers texas nl east atlanta braves atlanta miami marlins miami new york mets ny mets philadelphia phillies philadelphia washington nationals washington nl central chicago cubs chi cubs cincinnati reds cincinnati milwaukee brewers milwaukee pittsburgh pirates pittsburgh st. louis cardinals st. louis nl west arizona diamondbacks arizona colorado rockies colorado los angeles dodgers la dodgers san diego padres san diego san francisco giants san francisco español log in mobile ticketing faq arrow-left-77619 ticket technology table of contents mlb ballpark app - overview mlb ballpark app - account setup & accessing tickets mlb ballpark app - ticket wallet mlb ballpark app - mobile ticket barcode mlb ballpark app - ticket forwarding mlb ballpark app - mobile ticket purchase mlb ballpark app - season ticket holder specific questions text alerts mlb ballpark app - overview what is the mlb ballpark app? the mlb ballpark app is mlb's free, official app that makes it easy to access. manage, and use your tickets. learn more > what are the benefits of using the mlb ballpark app? accessing your tickets in the app helps prevent lost or stolen tickets, makes it easy to share tickets with friends, and provides up-to-date game time information. what devices are compatible with the ballpark app? for apple device users, please click here for more information. for android users, please click here for more information. if you do not have a supported device or need assistance, contact pittsburgh pirates fan services at ticketservices@pirates.com or 1-800-buy-bucs. arrow-up-77620 back to top mlb ballpark app - account setup & accessing tickets do i need an mlb account to use the mlb ballpark app? yes. when you download the mlb ballpark app, you will need to create or log in with an mlb account. an mlb account is free and easy to create directly from the mlb ballpark app or any pirates.com webpage from the top navigation bar. how do i access tickets i purchased? to view your tickets: open the mlb ballpark app on your phone log in to an existing mlb account or create a new account with the same email address used to buy your tickets you may need to verify your email address if this is your first time accessing your tickets in the mlb ballpark app. you can verify your email address by tapping the profile icon gear from the top left hand corner of the home tab, tapping on my mlb account emails, where you can have a verification email sent to the email address you used to purchase your tickets. a verification email will be sent to the email address requested. tap on the link in the email to allow access to your tickets in ballpark that's it! all of your tickets will be available in the tickets tab’s wallet or on the home tab on the day of the game! how do i locate my pirates ticket account? a  pirates ticket account number is automatically created when you have pirates tickets, online or offline. you can find your ticket account number in the mlb ballpark app by tapping the profile icon in the top left hand corner of the home tab, and then selecting the my ticket accounts. your pirates ticket account is where your pirates tickets are held. you are issued an account number (by email) and typically an email address is associated with that account. when you login to the mlb ballpark app with the same email address that you used to buy your tickets your mlb account will automatically be associated with your pirates ticket account. if you are having trouble locating or accessing your ticket account, please contact pirates fans services at ticketservices@pirates.com or 1-800-buy-bucs. is my mlb account the same as my pirates ticket account? not quite. your mlb account provides you access to your tickets at pirates.com in the my pirates tickets portal and also in the mlb ballpark app. a ticket account number is automatically created when you purchase pirates tickets, online or offline. you can find your ticket account number in the mlb ballpark app by tapping the profile icon in the top left hand corner of the home tab, and then selecting my ticket accounts. what if i don't receive the confirmation email or my pirates tickets are not found? make sure you entered your email address correctly and it is the email address that you used to purchase your pirates tickets. if you still do not see your tickets in the tickets tab’s wallet, or your account number is not located on the my ticket accounts page in the mlb ballpark app, please contact pirates fans services at ticketservices@pirates.com or 1-800-buy-bucs. i linked my pirates ticket account and mlb account in the past. do i need to verify my email address to access tickets? no. if you previously linked your pirates ticket account and mlb account, or verified the email address associated with your mlb account, the mlb ballpark app will recognize that and you will not be asked to verify again. how do i find tickets that i purchased with another one of my email addresses? you can find tickets that you purchased with another of your email addresses by tapping the profile icon in the top left hand corner of the home tab, tapping my mlb account emails, and entering the email address associated with your ticket purchase in the add another email field. an email will be sent to the email address. you will be required to verify that you want to associate it with the mlb account that you’re logged in to mlb ballpark with. after verifying the association you will be able to access and manage all tickets associated with your secondary email address. my email address is verified, i see a ticket account number in the ticket accounts page. why aren't my tickets showing up in the mlb ballpark app? after you've confirmed that the tickets were purchased with an email address that is verified on the my mlb account emails page (accessible by tapping the profile icon in the top left hand corner of the home tab and then tapping my mlb account emails) and that your pirates ticket account is displaying on the ticket accounts page, you may need to refresh your tickets tab’s wallet by pulling down on the screen to see updated ticket inventory. arrow-up-77621 back to top mlb ballpark app - ticket wallet what is the ticket wallet? the ticket tab’s wallet provides you with quick access and management of all of your mlb tickets. after downloading the mlb ballpark app, click the tickets icon on the bottom tab to see all of the tickets you own. can i see all my tickets for all teams within the wallet, or just one team at a time? you will be able to access your tickets to any mlb team's game or event as long as you used the same mlb account or email address to purchase the tickets. where can i see more event details about the game? in the team page accessed via the bottom tab bar, you can find detailed information about the day's event. what if i cannot find tickets i purchased or tickets that were forwarded to me? first confirm that the tickets were purchased with an email address that is verified on the my mlb account emails page which is accessible by tapping the profile icon in the top left hand corner of the home tab and then tapping my mlb account emails. next, confirm that a pirates ticket account is displaying on the my ticket accounts page. if there is not a pirates ticket account listed, and you’re certain that the email address you have verified in mlb account is correct then please contact pirates fans services at ticketservices@pirates.com or 1-800-buy-bucs. note that you may need to refresh your tickets tab by pulling down on the screen to see updated ticket inventory. if your pirates tickets were originally forwarded to you by another ballpark app user, the original sender may have canceled the forward and you should check with the person who sent you the tickets. if you are still having difficulty locating mobile tickets you believe should be appearing in your tickets tab, contact pirates fans services at ticketservices@pirates.com or 1-800-buy-bucs. which types of tickets will be displayed in the mlb ballpark app? the mlb ballpark app displays regular season, postseason, spring training and other event tickets within the tickets tab’s wallet. tickets that you have forwarded to friends will not show a barcode. there will be a message that the ticket has been forwarded with a cancel button in place of the barcode. will large group tickets with 15 or more tickets and suite rental tickets be listed in the wallet in the mlb ballpark app? yes. see pirates.com/groups or pirates.com/suites for additional group or suite ticket information. when will the tickets i purchase be listed in the wallet of the mlb ballpark app? once pirates tickets are purchased via an exclusive presale or the general on-sale, your tickets will automatically appear in the wallet within the tickets tab of the mlb ballpark app. can i still print my pirates tickets at home? no, to improve security and reduce the risk of ticket fraud, print-at-home tickets in any form are no longer accepted for entry at pnc park. arrow-up-77622 back to top mlb ballpark app - mobile ticket barcode what is a mobile ticket barcode? each ticket has a mobile ticket barcode that must be scanned for entry into pnc park via your mobile device. within the wallet, you can tap on an individual ticket to view its barcode. for entry to pnc park, present your mobile device with the mobile barcode open and available to scan. how do i access the ticket to scan for entry? tap on an individual ticket from the tickets tab’s wallet to pull up the mobile ticket barcode. the section/row/seat and barcode will be displayed along with access to the terms and conditions governing your ticket. why is my ticket barcode not showing in the mlb ballpark app? there are several reasons why your barcode may not be available including that the ticket has been forwarded, the ticket had been forwarded to you and has since been canceled or recalled, or you are a group or suite buyer and the ticket status has changed. for mailed tickets, the ticket barcode will not appear until those tickets have been printed and mailed to you. for further assistance, contact pirates fans services at ticketservices@pirates.com or 1-800-buy-bucs. i just forwarded a ticket via the mlb ballpark app. why do i still see it? your ticket, without the barcode, will remain in your tickets tab’s wallet until your forward is accepted by the recipient. if you wish to cancel the forward, you can do that directly from the ticket. during what window of time can i forward tickets to friends? you can forward tickets via the mlb ballpark app from the moment you purchase them until two hours after the first pitch of that day's game as long as that ticket has not already been scanned in for entry at pnc park. what should i do if i need to enter pnc park for the start of the game and the rest of my group is not here yet? you can easily forward tickets to friends via the mlb ballpark app up to two hours after the start of that day's game as long as the tickets have not already been scanned in for entry at pnc park. can i use apple wallet for my pirates tickets? yes. from the bottom of the ticket inside the mlb ballpark app you can tap the "add to wallet" button to add your ticket to apple wallet. can i use google pay for my pirates tickets? no. support for adding tickets to google pay is not yet available from the mlb ballpark app. why won't my ticket barcode scan? if your screen brightness is too low, the barcode may have difficulty being scanned. the mlb ballpark app will automatically attempt to increase the brightness of your display or you can do so manually by following the instructions for your device. please note, cracked screens may impact your barcode's ability to scan. the barcode displayed is accompanied by a number. if there are difficulties reading a valid barcode on a digital ticket displayed within the mlb ballpark app, visit the pnc park ticket office. what if i lose connectivity after i've retrieved my tickets? as long as you have previously viewed your tickets, you will still be able to view your tickets in the mlb ballpark app even with low connectivity. we recommend viewing and loading your tickets prior to arriving at pnc park or adding to your apple wallet to ensure they are accessible regardless of connectivity. if i access my tickets from the mlb ballpark app, can i still have them printed at a will call window? since tickets retrieved within the mlb ballpark app will now be considered printed, the tickets will not be available for pickup at will call. you should present the ticket displayed in the mlb ballpark app on your mobile device for entry at the gate. if you are unable to access your ticket, go to a ticket office window for assistance on game day. if you have any questions, please contact pirates fans services at ticketservices@pirates.com or 1-800-buy-bucs. what do i do if my mobile device's battery dies? visit the nearest pnc park ticket office window for assistance. arrow-up-77623 back to top mlb ballpark app - ticket forwarding what is ticket forwarding? the mlb ballpark app allows you to easily forward tickets to family, friends, colleagues, account partners and others with whom you wish to share your tickets so that they can use their ticket on their personal phone. how do i forward a ticket? from the tickets tab’s wallet tap on a game to access a list of your tickets. at the bottom of the list tap "forward ticket". select the ticket(s) you wish to forward then choose "select from contacts", "via email", or “share link’. selecting "forward ticket" again prompts you to enter an email address or choose a friend from your address book. you can then add the recipient's name (optional) and a message (optional) before tapping "send" to complete the forward. if you wish to send by another method, you can tap "share link" which will provide you a unique link to share. you can also quickly send tickets to friends you’ve forwarded to recently by tapping on their email! will the mlb ballpark app automatically link to the contacts that exist in my pirates tickets? no. at this time, "my pirates tickets" contacts will not automatically link to the mlb ballpark app. however, the mlb ballpark app will automatically link to the address book and contacts in your mobile device. how does forwarding a ticket via "share link" work? a unique link, which holds the key to your ticket, will be generated and you can distribute it as you see fit. please only share this link with one person to whom you are forwarding your ticket. if you share the link with multiple recipients, whomever clicks that link and completes the "forward accept" process first will get that ticket. what if i accidentally send the ticket to the wrong email address? you can easily cancel a ticket forward that is in a pending state directly from your list of tickets inside the wallet. you can then resend the ticket to the correct email address. how will my recipient know i forwarded tickets? both you and the recipient will receive an email that notifies that the ticket forward has been initiated. the recipient will have a unique link in the email to accept the ticket. if you selected "share link," the recipient will receive the notification by whatever method you selected for delivering the link. how do i accept a ticket forward? you must click "accept" from the email invitation you received. if you do not already have the mlb ballpark app on your supported ios or android device, you will be prompted to download the app. i do not have a supported ios or android device. can i still accept a ticket forward? yes, you can accept and receive your tickets in a standard web browser. once a ticket forward has been accepted, contact pirates fans services at ticketservices@pirates.com or 1-800-buy-bucs. what if the email address where i received the ticket forward is not the same as the email address associated with my mlb account? the email address at which you received your tickets does not need to match the email address associated with your mlb account, but you will be required to click the link in the email where the ticket was forwarded to. can i reject a ticket forward? yes, just click, "i do not want to accept this ticket" on the ticket accept webpage. this webpage is accessible only from the ticket forward email sent to the recipient. the sender of the ticket forward will be informed that the invitation was rejected and will continue to have access to the ticket in their mlb ballpark app if i receive a forwarded ticket, can i re-forward that ticket to another recipient? yes, a ticket can be forwarded again. each time a ticket is forwarded, the two participants, the sender and the recipient, will receive a notification of this transaction can i cancel a pirates ticket forward? yes, the sender can cancel a ticket forward any time before the barcode has been scanned. this can be accomplished from the wallet tab by selecting an individual ticket and tapping "cancel" or by clicking on the ticket forward icon at the top of the wallet tab. select the specific forward then tap "cancel forward." the recipient of the ticket you forwarded will be notified. can i cancel or recall a pirates ticket forward after it has been accepted? yes, the original ticket sender can cancel or recall a ticket forward after it has been accepted. the sender and recipient will be notified by email of this action and the ticket will disappear from the recipient's (or anyone they may have forwarded it to) wallet tab. however, once the ticket has been scanned for entry, the ticket cannot be recalled. can i cancel a pirates ticket forward after it has been accepted and re-sent? yes, the original ticket owner can cancel the forward for a ticket to a pirates home game regardless of how many times it has been re-forwarded as long as it has not been scanned for entry yet. the sender and original recipient will be notified by email of this action, and the ticket will disappear from the wallet tab and/or my pirates tickets account of whomever the ticket had last been forwarded to. can i forward multiple pirates tickets to a single account? yes. tickets can be forwarded together from the same event or one ticket at a time. where can i find the status of all pirates ticket forwards? you can navigate to the ticket forward icon at the top of the wallet tab. there, you will find all received and sent ticket forwards for your account. what if i never received the ticket forward email? if you are expecting to receive a ticket forward but were never notified by email, contact the sender. the sender can cancel the current ticket forward then re-send to you by email or share link. if you or the sender are still having difficulties, contact pirates fans services at ticketservices@pirates.com or 1-800-buy-bucs. if the person i forward tickets to deletes the email they received to accept the ticket(s) before they click "accept," what should i do? the ticket owner should cancel their original ticket forward and then re-forward the ticket via the mlb ballpark app so the recipient receives a new email through which to accept the ticket(s). arrow-up-77624 back to top mlb ballpark app - mobile ticket purchase can i purchase tickets via the mlb ballpark app? purchasing seats is now easier than ever in the mlb ballpark app. select your game and browse available options from the buy tickets tab. most single game tickets will be available for purchase via the mlb ballpark app. currently, large group and suite rental tickets will not be available for purchase via the mlb ballpark app. mobile ticket purchase purchase tickets wirelessly, anytime, anywhere on your mobile device. pirates.com mobile ticket purchase is compatible with most internet-enabled mobile devices* and does not require any additional download. to order tickets on your mobile device: visit pirates.com on your mobile device click on the tickets link select the game you would like to attend and click the t-link purchase tickets via a secure checkout arrow-up-77625 back to top mlb ballpark app - season ticket holder specific questions as a season ticket holder, will i be able to take advantage of exclusive season ticket holder presale opportunities via the mlb ballpark app? no. at this time, exclusive season ticket holder presale opportunities should be purchased via existing channels. at this time, the mlb ballpark app cannot accommodate offers to buy additional tickets that are exclusive to season ticket holders. as a season ticket holder, can i pay for my pirates season tickets via the mlb ballpark app? no. at this time, pirates season ticket holders should use their standard methods to pay for pirates season tickets on an annual basis. will the mlb ballpark app feature rewards or exclusive benefits similar to those featured in other ballparks? no. at this time, the mlb ballpark app for pirates tickets at pnc park is used to provide pirates fans a secure and convenient way to use mobile tickets. helpful pnc park information, including a map and list of concessions, also is available in the app. the pirates may consider other pnc park-specific app features in the future. arrow-up-77626 back to top text alerts text alerts text pirates to 61592 now to get pirates ticket info sent straight to your mobile phone! text messages will be sent to your phone about upcoming featured series and special ticket offers! text stop to 61592 to opt-out at any time. for help, reply help to 61592. message and data rates may apply. expect up to 14 messages per week. arrow-up-77627 back to top inside pirates tickets 2025 ticket info & schedule 2025 spring training single game tickets mini plans season tickets special ticket events group tickets fan value deals pittsburgh baseball club level premium seating hospitality areas my pirates tickets digital ticketing 3d seating map pnc park tours concerts & events mlb ballpark app buy & sell tickets on seatgeek official info help/contact us accessibility job opportunities corporate partnerships