tours of pnc park | pittsburgh pirates tickets 2025 ticket info & schedule 2025 spring training single game tickets mini plans season tickets special ticket events group tickets fan value deals pittsburgh baseball club level premium seating hospitality areas my pirates tickets digital ticketing 3d seating map pnc park tours concerts & events mlb ballpark app buy & sell tickets on seatgeek premium schedule 2025 spring training schedule 2025 regular season schedule promotions schedule sortable schedule printable schedule downloadable schedule broadcast schedule mlb events scores stats team stats top prospect stats affiliate stats baseball savant roster 40-man roster non-roster invitees depth chart starting lineups coaches transactions injury updates draft results front office broadcasters player search minor league affiliates top 30 prospects video run it back pirates charities pirates game recap most popular photos news latest headlines official releases probable pitchers game notes pirates pipeline rss news feed mlb news pnc park ballpark information ballpark enhancements gameday guide pnc park tours concerts & events plan your special event pirates clubhouse store features, facts & firsts let's go bucs, let's go green. experience history at pnc park team history pirates charities fans piratesfest pirates hall of fame souvenir tickets dave parker hof travel packages going to bat for small business social media email newsletters experiences & merchandise mascots and more pirates kids bucaroos kids club pirates gift guide apps mlb mlb ballpark mlb play milb mlb home run derby mlb faqs mlb ballpark faqs mlb play faqs standings sth hq mlb.tv buy mlb.tv mlb.tv st schedule watch & listen help center shop jerseys caps men's women's kids big & tall trading cards collectibles & memorabilia home & office clearance european shop gift certificates pirates auctions - bid or buy mlb auctions - bid or buy mlb authentication team store locations teams al east baltimore orioles baltimore boston red sox boston new york yankees ny yankees tampa bay rays tampa bay toronto blue jays toronto al central chicago white sox chi white sox cleveland guardians cleveland detroit tigers detroit kansas city royals kansas city minnesota twins minnesota al west athletics athletics houston astros houston los angeles angels la angels seattle mariners seattle texas rangers texas nl east atlanta braves atlanta miami marlins miami new york mets ny mets philadelphia phillies philadelphia washington nationals washington nl central chicago cubs chi cubs cincinnati reds cincinnati milwaukee brewers milwaukee pittsburgh pirates pittsburgh st. louis cardinals st. louis nl west arizona diamondbacks arizona colorado rockies colorado los angeles dodgers la dodgers san diego padres san diego san francisco giants san francisco español log in pnc park tours the pittsburgh pirates invite you to tour pnc park located on pittsburgh’s north shore along the allegheny river. pnc park is rated #1 amongst mlb ballpark from ballpark digest and the #3 attraction in the city of pittsburgh. our interactive tour will give guests a broad view of the 38,000-seat facility with its classic view of the city’s picturesque skyline. discover the extensive history of pittsburgh baseball and the city, as well as the unique architecture of pnc park. tickets & tour info select tour type to learn more and purchase tickets: walk-up gameday pregame clubhouse group pnc park tour facts tours last approximately 90 minutes in length and are rain or shine. this is a walking tour (approximately 1.5. miles), so we suggest wearing comfortable footwear. all guests must always stay with the group. tours are wheelchair and stroller accessible. wheelchairs are available for your use during the tour. we ask that you make arrangements with pnc park staff at least 72 hours in advance by calling 412-325-4700. pnc park is now cashless therefore we only accept credit cards, debit cards or gift cards (gift cards will only be accepted for tour ticket purchases.) tickets can be purchased in advance or on the day of the tour based on availability (unless otherwise noted on a particular date)online, over the phone or at the box office. tour sizes are currently limited. it is strongly recommended to purchase tour tickets in advance. all areas are subject to change without notice. all tickets are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. if you would like to speak with our tour personnel, please call the pnc park hotline at 412-325-4700 or e-mail us at pncparktours@pirates.com . parking printer-81802 download and print (pdf) the pirates have teamed up with waze, a community-based traffic and navigation app, to provide you with the most efficient routes to and from the ballpark. waze is the only gps program that (thanks to our partnership) has pnc park parking lots, traffic patterns, and street closures incorporated, providing fans with accurate directions to your specific lot with real-time traffic alerts. download the free app from apple's app store and google play. pnc park 115 federal street pittsburgh, pa 15212 412-325-4700 or 412-321-bucs faq accordion-contract-81803 accordion-expand-81804 where can i park? there will be numerous lots and/or garages that are open during tour hours, that surround pnc park or in downtown pittsburgh. there is a parking map of the pnc park area under the parking section of this tour website that will provide you locations. please note that the tours enter the ballpark by the willie stargell statue (located on federal st.) and the ticket office is located on the corners of federal st. and general robinson st. price range for private cars range from $12 to $25. please contact alco parking corporation for more information at: (412) 323-4455 or visit alcoparking.com accordion-contract-81805 accordion-expand-81806 where do i enter for the tour? all tours enter the ballpark at the allegheny health network gate which is located on federal street (at the willie stargell statue) accordion-contract-81807 accordion-expand-81808 can i purchase tickets on the day of the tour? we recommend purchasing in advance online to ensure your spot. you can purchase at the box office if open or by calling 1-800-buy-bucs while representatives are available. accordion-contract-81809 accordion-expand-81810 how do i receive my tickets once i have purchased them? pnc park tour tickets will be delivered exclusively as mobile tickets via the free mlb ballpark app. please note you must have the latest version of the free mlb ballpark app downloaded on your mobile device to access and use pnc park tour tickets. for more information on mobile ticketing and the mlb ballpark app, visit pirates.com/ballparkapp. accordion-contract-81811 accordion-expand-81812 are cameras and/or video cameras allowed on the tour? yes, we permit cameras and video cameras but please keep in mind that we do not permit bags larger than the 16” x 16” x 8” in size with the exception of medical or diaper bags. all bags are subject to search. contact us contact the pnc park tour department at 412-325-4700 or email pncparktours@pirates.com . inside pnc park ballpark information ballpark enhancements gameday guide pnc park tours concerts & events plan your special event pirates clubhouse store features, facts & firsts let's go bucs, let's go green. experience history at pnc park official info help/contact us accessibility job opportunities corporate partnerships