mlb ballpark app | pittsburgh pirates tickets 2025 ticket info & schedule 2025 spring training single game tickets mini plans season tickets special ticket events group tickets fan value deals pittsburgh baseball club level premium seating hospitality areas my pirates tickets digital ticketing 3d seating map pnc park tours concerts & events mlb ballpark app buy & sell tickets on seatgeek premium schedule 2025 spring training schedule 2025 regular season schedule promotions schedule sortable schedule printable schedule downloadable schedule broadcast schedule mlb events scores stats team stats top prospect stats affiliate stats baseball savant roster 40-man roster non-roster invitees depth chart starting lineups coaches transactions injury updates draft results front office broadcasters player search minor league affiliates top 30 prospects video run it back pirates charities pirates game recap most popular photos news latest headlines official releases probable pitchers game notes pirates pipeline rss news feed mlb news pnc park ballpark information ballpark enhancements gameday guide pnc park tours concerts & events plan your special event pirates clubhouse store features, facts & firsts let's go bucs, let's go green. experience history at pnc park team history pirates charities fans piratesfest pirates hall of fame souvenir tickets dave parker hof travel packages going to bat for small business social media email newsletters experiences & merchandise mascots and more pirates kids bucaroos kids club pirates gift guide apps mlb mlb ballpark mlb play milb mlb home run derby mlb faqs mlb ballpark faqs mlb play faqs standings sth hq mlb.tv buy mlb.tv mlb.tv st schedule watch & listen help center shop jerseys caps men's women's kids big & tall trading cards collectibles & memorabilia home & office clearance european shop gift certificates pirates auctions - bid or buy mlb auctions - bid or buy mlb authentication team store locations teams al east baltimore orioles baltimore boston red sox boston new york yankees ny yankees tampa bay rays tampa bay toronto blue jays toronto al central chicago white sox chi white sox cleveland guardians cleveland detroit tigers detroit kansas city royals kansas city minnesota twins minnesota al west athletics athletics houston astros houston los angeles angels la angels seattle mariners seattle texas rangers texas nl east atlanta braves atlanta miami marlins miami new york mets ny mets philadelphia phillies philadelphia washington nationals washington nl central chicago cubs chi cubs cincinnati reds cincinnati milwaukee brewers milwaukee pittsburgh pirates pittsburgh st. louis cardinals st. louis nl west arizona diamondbacks arizona colorado rockies colorado los angeles dodgers la dodgers san diego padres san diego san francisco giants san francisco español log in mlb ballpark - the official app of pnc park your gameday experience starts here mlb ballpark for iphone and android phone the official mlb ballpark app is your mobile app companion for buying game tickets, planning your visit, and attending live games at pnc park. the ballpark app is a must for the fan who wants to stay informed and connected with their favorite team. the ballpark app lets you access and manage your digital tickets, easily forward tickets, browse team schedules, view interactive ballpark maps, and much more! plus, you can chronicle your own personal history, creating an archive of your personal experiences at major league baseball stadiums. once in the app don't forget to customize your experience by enabling location, selecting your favorite team, and allowing notifications. this can easily be managed in your profile section, available in the top left corner from the home screen. app features: access and manage your digital tickets check-in for offers, rewards, and personalized history for ballparks visited team schedules, directions, parking information, and more interactive concourse maps and directories, including food and drink menus printer-76334 digital ticketing how-to iphone android ballpark app frequently asked questions app highlights signing in you’ll be asked to log in with your mlb account. if you can’t remember your password, you can have a new one emailed to you directly from the ballpark app. if you don’t have an mlb account, you can easily create one. get your tickets on the app if you purchased tickets with the same email address you used to log in to the ballpark app, your tickets will already be tied to your mlb account and will automatically appear. you may need to verify your email address in order to access and manage your tickets. to verify your email address, from the home tab, tap the profile icon in the top left hand corner, and choose my mlb account emails where you can have a verification email sent to the email address you used to purchase your tickets. click the verify email link sent to your email inbox and your tickets will be accessible in the “tickets tab” and “home tab”. meeting friends or family at pnc park? forward them a ticket by going to wallet within the “tickets tab” and selecting the game you’re attending. from the game’s ticket list, tap the forward button and select which tickets you want to forward. choosing via email allows you to enter an email address directly, select contact list to use your device’s address book, or quickly send tickets to friends you’ve forwarded to recently by tapping on their email. your friend will receive a notification that you’ve sent them mobile tickets. don’t know someone’s email address? share tickets via text when you choose to forward via a link. at the game make sure to enable location to access venue information, app features, and exclusive check-in offers when you’re at the stadium. don’t forget to turn on notifications to get updates on your game tickets, important ballpark information, promotions and more. when you arrive at the ballpark, the home and pirates tabs will be your central source for venue information and features to enhance your stadium visit. to document your visit at pnc park, upload photos of your memories to my history. simply go to the home tab and click on “go to my history” or tap on the profile link in the top corner to check out the details of your ballpark check-ins. getting started learn more mlb ballpark app faq printer-76335 how to access your digital tickets official info help/contact us accessibility job opportunities corporate partnerships