2025 pirates promotions | pittsburgh pirates tickets 2025 ticket info & schedule 2025 spring training single game tickets mini plans season tickets special ticket events group tickets fan value deals pittsburgh baseball club level premium seating hospitality areas my pirates tickets digital ticketing 3d seating map pnc park tours concerts & events mlb ballpark app buy & sell tickets on seatgeek premium schedule 2025 spring training schedule 2025 regular season schedule promotions schedule sortable schedule printable schedule downloadable schedule broadcast schedule mlb events scores stats team stats top prospect stats affiliate stats baseball savant roster 40-man roster non-roster invitees depth chart starting lineups coaches transactions injury updates draft results front office broadcasters player search minor league affiliates top 30 prospects video run it back pirates charities pirates game recap most popular photos news latest headlines official releases probable pitchers game notes pirates pipeline rss news feed mlb news pnc park ballpark information ballpark enhancements gameday guide pnc park tours concerts & events plan your special event pirates clubhouse store features, facts & firsts let's go bucs, let's go green. experience history at pnc park team history pirates charities fans piratesfest pirates hall of fame souvenir tickets dave parker hof travel packages going to bat for small business social media email newsletters experiences & merchandise mascots and more pirates kids bucaroos kids club pirates gift guide apps mlb mlb ballpark mlb play milb mlb home run derby mlb faqs mlb ballpark faqs mlb play faqs standings sth hq mlb.tv buy mlb.tv mlb.tv st schedule watch & listen help center shop jerseys caps men's women's kids big & tall trading cards collectibles & memorabilia home & office clearance european shop gift certificates pirates auctions - bid or buy mlb auctions - bid or buy mlb authentication team store locations teams al east baltimore orioles baltimore boston red sox boston new york yankees ny yankees tampa bay rays tampa bay toronto blue jays toronto al central chicago white sox chi white sox cleveland guardians cleveland detroit tigers detroit kansas city royals kansas city minnesota twins minnesota al west athletics athletics houston astros houston los angeles angels la angels seattle mariners seattle texas rangers texas nl east atlanta braves atlanta miami marlins miami new york mets ny mets philadelphia phillies philadelphia washington nationals washington nl central chicago cubs chi cubs cincinnati reds cincinnati milwaukee brewers milwaukee pittsburgh pirates pittsburgh st. louis cardinals st. louis nl west arizona diamondbacks arizona colorado rockies colorado los angeles dodgers la dodgers san diego padres san diego san francisco giants san francisco español log in 2025 promotions schedule become a pirates insider and be the first to know about new ticket specials and promotions. pirates insider sign up april 2025 magnetic schedule kick off opening day with a pregame wigle whiskey block party on federal street! plus, all fans take home a 2025 magnetic schedule, thanks to giant eagle. sugardale dollar dog game fans can enjoy $1 hot dogs thanks to sugardale! zambelli fireworks night #1 enjoy a pregame miller lite happy hour for drink specials, photo ops and more from the time gates open up until first pitch! plus, fans can stay after the game for an exciting zambelli fireworks show, thanks to 93.7 the fan! bobblehead night #1 - paul skenes the first 20,000 fans take home a paul skenes bobblehead thanks to pnc! celebrate the 2024 n.l. rookie of the year with this unique limited edition baseball card style bobblehead. may sugardale dollar dog game fans can enjoy $1 hot dogs thanks to sugardale! miller lite pregame happy hour enjoy a pregame miller lite happy hour for drink specials, photo ops and more from the time gates open up until first pitch! free t-shirt giveaway first 20,000 fans take home a collectible pirates themed t-shirt! youth baseball & softball day join us for a youth baseball & softball day as we celebrate our local youth athletes all across western pa! the first 1,000 youth baseball and softball players to sign up get to participate in a pregame warning track parade! buy special ticket negro league legacy night enjoy a pregame miller lite happy hour for drink specials, photo ops and more from the time gates open up until first pitch! plus, the first 20,000 fans take home a negro league legacy cap, thanks to pnc. wwe night head to the ballpark early and enjoy a pregame wigle whiskey block party on federal street with live music, drink specials and more! plus, the first 20,000 fans take home an exclusive item featuring a collaboration with the wwe and the pittsburgh pirates. kids jared triolo gold glove figurine head to pnc park early to enjoy the family fun zone on federal street, presented by c&m play studio! plus, all kids 14 & under take home a jared triolo gold glove figurine thanks to allegheny health network. and be sure to stay after the game for kids run the bases presented by chicken of the sea. sugardale dollar dog game fans can enjoy $1 hot dogs thanks to sugardale! zambelli fireworks night #2 enjoy a pregame miller lite happy hour for drink specials, photo ops and more from the time gates open up until first pitch! plus, fans can stay after the game for an exciting zambelli fireworks display, thanks to 84 lumber! pirates short sleeve hoodie head to the ballpark early and enjoy a pregame wigle whiskey block party on federal street with live music, drink specials and more! plus, the first 20,000 fans take home a stylish short sleeve hoodie, thanks to re/max select realty. kids andrew mccutchen headband head to pnc park early to enjoy the family fun zone on federal street, presented by c&m play studio! plus, all kids 14 & under take home an andrew mccutchen headband, thanks to seatgeek! and be sure to stay after the game for kids run the bases presented by chicken of the sea. june sugardale dollar dog game fans can enjoy $1 hot dogs thanks to sugardale! miller lite pregame happy hour enjoy a pregame miller lite happy hour for drink specials, photo ops and more from the time gates open up until first pitch! pregame block party head to the ballpark early and enjoy a pregame wigle whiskey block party on federal street with live music, drink specials and more! eat'n park smiley cookie giveaway head to pnc park early to enjoy the family fun zone on federal street, presented by c&m play studio! plus, all kids 14 & under get a free smiley cookie thanks to eat'n park! and be sure to stay after the game for kids run the bases presented by chicken of the sea. youth baseball & softball day join us for a youth baseball & softball day as we celebrate our local youth athletes all across western pa! the first 1,000 youth baseball and softball players to sign up get to participate in a pregame warning track parade! buy special ticket zambelli fireworks night #3 enjoy a pregame miller lite happy hour for drink specials, photo ops and more from the time gates open up until first pitch! plus, fans can stay after the game for a zambelli fireworks show, thanks to tri-state office furniture! pirates cap head to the ballpark early and enjoy a pregame wigle whiskey block party on federal street with live music, drink specials and more! first 20,000 fans take home a pirates cap, thanks to paze! superman day head to pnc park early to enjoy the family fun zone on federal street, presented by c&m play studio! plus, all kids 14 & under take home a pair of kids oneil cruz superhero socks in honor of superman day, thanks to c&m play studio! and be sure to stay after the game for kids run the bases presented by chicken of the sea. postgame zambelli drone show #1 enjoy a pregame miller lite happy hour for drink specials, photo ops and more from the time gates open up until first pitch! stay after the game for a zambelli drone show that will light up downtown pittsburgh, thanks to duquesne light company! free t-shirt giveaway head to the ballpark early and enjoy a pregame wigle whiskey block party on federal street with live music, drink specials and more! plus, the first 20,000 fans take home a collectible pirates themed t-shirt! kids replica mitch keller jersey head to the pnc park early to enjoy the family fun zone on federal street, presented by c&m play studio! plus, all kids 14 & under take home a replica mitch keller jersey, thanks to sheetz! and be sure to stay after the game for kids run the bases presented by chicken of the sea. youth baseball & softball day join us for a youth baseball & softball day as we celebrate our local youth athletes all across western pa! the first 1,000 youth baseball and softball players to sign up get to participate in a pregame warning track parade! buy special ticket july zambelli fireworks night #4 yinzerpalooza weekend, presented by mrs. t’s pierogies! head to the ballpark early and enjoy a pregame wigle whiskey block party on federal street with live music, drink specials and more! enjoy a pregame miller lite happy hour for drink specials, photo ops and more from the time gates open up until first pitch! plus, stay after the game for a postgame zambelli fireworks show! bobblehead night #2 yinzerpalooza weekend, presented by mrs. t’s pierogies! head to the ballpark early and enjoy a pregame wigle whiskey block party on federal street with live music, drink specials and more! first 20,000 fans take home a pirates bobblehead. stay tuned for more details! kids pierogy plush yinzerpalooza weekend, presented by mrs. t’s pierogies! head to pnc park early to enjoy the family fun zone on federal street, presented by c&m play studio! plus, all kids 14 & under take home a jalapeno hannah pierogy plush! and be sure to stay after the game for kids run the bases presented by chicken of the sea. free t-shirt giveaway enjoy a pregame miller lite happy hour for drink specials, photo ops and more from the time gates open up until first pitch! plus, the first 20,000 fans take home a collectible pirates themed t-shirt, thanks to sugardale! postgame zambelli drone show #2 head to the ballpark early and enjoy a pregame wigle whiskey block party on federal street with live music, drink specials and more! stay after the game for a zambelli drone show that will light up the skyline, thanks to allegheny health network! kids topps baseball card set head to pnc park early to enjoy the family fun zone on federal street, presented by c&m play studio! plus, all kids 14 & under take home a set of topps baseball cards! and be sure to stay after the game for kids run the bases presented by chicken of the sea. youth baseball & softball day join us for a youth baseball & softball day as we celebrate our local youth athletes all across western pa! the first 1,000 youth baseball and softball players to sign up get to participate in a pregame warning track parade! buy special ticket august sugardale dollar dog game fans can enjoy $1 hot dogs thanks to sugardale! bucket hat giveaway join us for our annual bucco luau weekend at pnc park! enjoy a pregame miller lite happy hour for drink specials, photo ops and more from the time gates open up until first pitch! plus, the first 20,000 fans take home a bucco luau themed bucket hat, thanks to levin furniture. hawaiian shirt giveaway join us for our annual bucco luau weekend at pnc park! head to the ballpark early and enjoy a pregame wigle whiskey block party on federal street with live music, drink specials and more! plus, the first 20,000 fans take home a pirates themed hawaiian shirt, thanks to levin furniture. kids hawaiian themed pirates cap head to pnc park early to enjoy the family fun zone on federal street, presented by c&m play studio! plus, all kids 14 & under take home a hawaiian themed pirates cap, thanks to levin furniture. and be sure to stay after the game for kids run the bases presented by chicken of the sea. youth baseball & softball day join us for a youth baseball & softball day as we celebrate our local youth athletes all across western pa! the first 1,000 youth baseball and softball players to sign up get to participate in a pregame warning track parade! buy special ticket zambelli fireworks night #5 enjoy a pregame miller lite happy hour for drink specials, photo ops and more from the time gates open up until first pitch! plus, fans can stay after the game for an exciting postgame zambelli fireworks show, thanks to ibew local union #5! free t-shirt giveaway head to the ballpark early and enjoy a pregame wigle whiskey block party on federal street with live music, drink specials and more! plus, the first 20,000 fans take home a collectible pirates themed t-shirt, thanks to edgar snyder & associates! sesame street day head to pnc park early to enjoy the family fun zone on federal street, presented by c&m play studio! plus, all kids 14 & under take home a big bird plush on sesame street day! and be sure to stay after the game for kids run the bases presented by chicken of the sea. september sugardale dollar dog game fans can enjoy $1 hot dogs thanks to sugardale! free t-shirt giveaway enjoy a pregame miller lite happy hour for drink specials, photo ops and more from the time gates open up until first pitch! plus, the first 20,000 fans take home a collectible pirates themed t-shirt, thanks to allegheny health network. bobblehead night #3 first 20,000 fans take home a pirates bobblehead. who do you think it will be? clemente day first 20,000 fans take home a commemorative item to celebrate roberto clemente! zambelli fireworks night #6 join us for fan appreciation weekend at pnc park. enjoy a pregame miller lite happy hour for drink specials, photo ops and more from the time gates open up until first pitch! plus, fans can stay after the game for a zambelli fireworks show! fan appreciation weekend join us for fan appreciation weekend at pnc park! fan appreciation weekend join us for fan appreciation weekend at pnc park! official info help/contact us accessibility job opportunities corporate partnerships