fan experience enhancements | pittsburgh pirates tickets 2025 ticket info & schedule 2025 spring training single game tickets mini plans season tickets special ticket events group tickets fan value deals pittsburgh baseball club level premium seating hospitality areas my pirates tickets digital ticketing 3d seating map pnc park tours concerts & events mlb ballpark app buy & sell tickets on seatgeek premium schedule 2025 spring training schedule 2025 regular season schedule promotions schedule sortable schedule printable schedule downloadable schedule broadcast schedule mlb events scores stats team stats top prospect stats affiliate stats baseball savant roster 40-man roster non-roster invitees depth chart starting lineups coaches transactions injury updates draft results front office broadcasters player search minor league affiliates top 30 prospects video run it back pirates charities pirates game recap most popular photos news latest headlines official releases probable pitchers game notes pirates pipeline rss news feed mlb news pnc park ballpark information ballpark enhancements gameday guide pnc park tours concerts & events plan your special event pirates clubhouse store features, facts & firsts let's go bucs, let's go green. experience history at pnc park team history pirates charities fans piratesfest pirates hall of fame souvenir tickets dave parker hof travel packages going to bat for small business social media email newsletters experiences & merchandise mascots and more pirates kids bucaroos kids club pirates gift guide apps mlb mlb ballpark mlb play milb mlb home run derby mlb faqs mlb ballpark faqs mlb play faqs standings sth hq mlb.tv buy mlb.tv mlb.tv st schedule watch & listen help center shop jerseys caps men's women's kids big & tall trading cards collectibles & memorabilia home & office clearance european shop gift certificates pirates auctions - bid or buy mlb auctions - bid or buy mlb authentication team store locations teams al east baltimore orioles baltimore boston red sox boston new york yankees ny yankees tampa bay rays tampa bay toronto blue jays toronto al central chicago white sox chi white sox cleveland guardians cleveland detroit tigers detroit kansas city royals kansas city minnesota twins minnesota al west athletics athletics houston astros houston los angeles angels la angels seattle mariners seattle texas rangers texas nl east atlanta braves atlanta miami marlins miami new york mets ny mets philadelphia phillies philadelphia washington nationals washington nl central chicago cubs chi cubs cincinnati reds cincinnati milwaukee brewers milwaukee pittsburgh pirates pittsburgh st. louis cardinals st. louis nl west arizona diamondbacks arizona colorado rockies colorado los angeles dodgers la dodgers san diego padres san diego san francisco giants san francisco español log in fan experience enhancements fan experience enhancements at pnc park the enhancements, which represent the continued evolution of pnc park, provide more convenience and comfort for guests. a variety of improvements will debut throughout the main concourse, including a family-friendly walk-in market, several new beer markets and state-of-the-art technology designed for faster service and ease. secure your seats to an upcoming game and check out the newest additions! buy tickets learn more 2023 pnc park enhancements pops' plaza fans will notice a new and improved experience in the familiar pops' plaza. additional technology upgrades include self-ordering kiosks allowing fans to place their order at multiple stands in one transaction, thus improving wait times. fan favorites on the main concourse continuing through the main concourse, fans can enjoy a selection of fan favorites including several new beer markets, ballpark fare and a redesigned concourse embracing pittsburgh's history and personality. the market "as we continue to enhance pnc park, our goal is to build upon what makes it so special and provide an exciting and memorable game day experience," said pirates president travis williams. "the improvements to our main concourse come after discussions with our fans. these upgrades to improve entry into the ballpark, flow of the concourse and speed of service are a result of that feedback." new scoreboard the new scoreboard in left field is more than double the size of the previous display, without taking away from the unrivaled views of downtown pittsburgh's skyline. a modern 10-millimeter pixel spacing display, resulting in more than 4k pixels in width, will yield stunningly clear imagery to fans throughout the ballpark. 2022 pnc park enhancements fat head's bullpen bar replacing the former gameday security building, the creation of this new gathering space above the center field bullpens includes two rows of drink rails, comfortable seating, televisions and more. like all of the new spaces, the fat head's bullpen bar offers a great view of the action on the field, so fans won’t miss a minute of the game while enjoying a craft beer on the riverwalk. kids play areas the kids play area in right field has been refreshed and is now expanded to flow along the riverwalk into the center field area. the expansion features life-sized bobbleheads, a lucky climber shaped like a pirate ship, as well as an accessible kid's play bridge inspired by the nearby roberto clemente bridge. the evolution of the play area allows families to enjoy the play elements while remaining connected to the action on the field. the miller lite landing located just above the center field fenceline, the miller lite landing offers a fantastic view of the action on the field, as well as the perfect view back to the roberto clemente bridge and downtown cityscape. the new social gathering space features new drink rails, tables and high-top seating creating a relaxed environment for all fans. new food concepts together with aramark, the pirates have partnered with local pittsburgh chefs to create new food concepts and specialty offerings. the new concepts are featured throughout the riverwalk and in the arcade under the left field bleachers. this includes cannonball burger, inspired by station in bloomfield, chicken on the hill, inspired by coop de ville in the strip district, and deli dogs, inspired by smallman street deli. the patio located between the upper and lower bleacher seating areas in left field, the patio is a newly widened and leveled area that extends from the bullpens to the left field rotunda. the expansion of this platform and new furniture allows for a comfortable gathering space overlooking left field. ahn picnic park always a fantastic place to host groups, the picnic park will now feature upgraded furnishings, enhanced lighting and landscaping, as well as additional access points for greater connection to the new fan enhancements along the riverwalk. left field lounge the left field lounge exterior is now modified to create one large open platform with a new picket style drink rail that runs the length of the space. these enhancements improve the fan experience by allowing groups to comfortably move about the space, all while allowing for improved sight lines from within the left field lounge. cinderlands corner bar open to all fans, the cinderlands corner bar is a gathering space below the left field rotunda featuring specialty drinks, local craft beers as well as fan favorite traditional pittsburgh brews. the area connects the fans in the cinderlands corner bar to the action on the field. the open feel and additional tvs and furniture provide a more fan friendly environment. celebrating history retired numbers inspired by the steel design of the nearby three sister bridges and oversized baseballs, celebrating pittsburgh's rich baseball history, are meticulously positioned throughout the landscaping of the lower riverwalk for visitors to enjoy year around. official info help/contact us accessibility job opportunities corporate partnerships