going to bat for small business | pittsburgh pirates tickets 2025 ticket info & schedule 2025 spring training single game tickets mini plans season tickets special ticket events group tickets fan value deals pittsburgh baseball club level premium seating hospitality areas my pirates tickets digital ticketing 3d seating map pnc park tours concerts & events mlb ballpark app buy & sell tickets on seatgeek premium schedule 2025 spring training schedule 2025 regular season schedule promotions schedule sortable schedule printable schedule downloadable schedule broadcast schedule mlb events scores stats team stats top prospect stats affiliate stats baseball savant roster 40-man roster non-roster invitees depth chart starting lineups coaches transactions injury updates draft results front office broadcasters player search minor league affiliates top 30 prospects video run it back pirates charities pirates game recap most popular photos news latest headlines official releases probable pitchers game notes pirates pipeline rss news feed mlb news pnc park ballpark information ballpark enhancements gameday guide pnc park tours concerts & events plan your special event pirates clubhouse store features, facts & firsts let's go bucs, let's go green. experience history at pnc park team history pirates charities fans piratesfest pirates hall of fame souvenir tickets dave parker hof travel packages going to bat for small business social media email newsletters experiences & merchandise mascots and more pirates kids bucaroos kids club pirates gift guide apps mlb mlb ballpark mlb play milb mlb home run derby mlb faqs mlb ballpark faqs mlb play faqs standings sth hq mlb.tv buy mlb.tv mlb.tv st schedule watch & listen help center shop jerseys caps men's women's kids big & tall trading cards collectibles & memorabilia home & office clearance european shop gift certificates pirates auctions - bid or buy mlb auctions - bid or buy mlb authentication team store locations teams al east baltimore orioles baltimore boston red sox boston new york yankees ny yankees tampa bay rays tampa bay toronto blue jays toronto al central chicago white sox chi white sox cleveland guardians cleveland detroit tigers detroit kansas city royals kansas city minnesota twins minnesota al west athletics athletics houston astros houston los angeles angels la angels seattle mariners seattle texas rangers texas nl east atlanta braves atlanta miami marlins miami new york mets ny mets philadelphia phillies philadelphia washington nationals washington nl central chicago cubs chi cubs cincinnati reds cincinnati milwaukee brewers milwaukee pittsburgh pirates pittsburgh st. louis cardinals st. louis nl west arizona diamondbacks arizona colorado rockies colorado los angeles dodgers la dodgers san diego padres san diego san francisco giants san francisco español log in going to bat for small business the pirates are excited to partner with pnc in support of local small businesses in the pittsburgh region. going to bat for small business presented by pnc represents the sixth straight season that the pirates and pnc teamed up to pledge their support for local small businesses in order to help create a stronger pittsburgh community. each month, the program will highlight one of six small businesses that have helped make a positive impact on their communities. the pirates and pnc will award the six small businesses a marketing package valued up to $100,000 and a $5,000 grant. submissions closed february 20, 2025 at 11:59 p.m. et. check back to see which businesses will be highlighted during the 2025 season! past winners accordion-contract-81810 accordion-expand-81811 2024 going to bat for small business winners los sabrosos dance co. is a dance and fitness studio with a large menu of dance styles available in group and private lessons for kids and adults. they can also help celebrate birthdays, quinceañeras, weddings, and other events. from ballroom to zumba, they have something for everyone! see their calendar and learn more at lspgh.com at terragreen, we're dedicated to transforming outdoor spaces into vibrant, sustainable landscapes. as a certified women-owned business, we specialize in designing and installing eco-friendly solutions that promote environmental health and enhance the beauty of communities. with our collaborative approach and commitment to excellence, we create outdoor environments that inspire and endure, bridging the gap between urban living and natural beauty. learn more at terragreencompany.com this month, the buzz is about bumbleberry farms, an award-winning producer of honey-based gourmet goods crafted by bee and by hand in east liberty. the company takes to heart its mission to spread a little sweetness by empowering deaf individuals through its hiring and sourcing practices. try their sweet goods at farmer's markets in the strip at the terminal or visit bumbleberryfarms.com elevate your brand with pyramid pgh, a dynamic marketing and advertising agency rooted in the heart of pittsburgh. our mission is clear: to provide top-tier services customized to meet the strategic communication, project management, and brand development goals of our valued clients. for more information or to schedule a consultation call 412-440-8298 or visit pyramidpgh.org are you a job seeker? want to start or grow a business? need to train your team? or hire diverse contractors? davis consulting solutions provides coaching, consulting, training, recruiting, and events. schedule an appointment if you are looking for a management consulting firm delivering diverse business and workforce solutions. call 412-407-2499 or visit davisconsultsolutions.com spectrum fudge creates uniquely delicious confections while providing a supportive and inclusive workplace for individuals on the autism spectrum and with special needs. their signature smooth and creamy fudge is crafted with premium belgian chocolate using old-world techniques. they spread sweet joy by promoting personal growth, opportunities, awareness, and acceptance. for more information on spectrum fudge and to order online, please visit them at spectrumfudge.com accordion-contract-81812 accordion-expand-81813 2023 going to bat for small business winners and flowers is an award-winning floral design studio located in highland park.  and flowers hosts flower arranging parties for weddings, intimate gatherings, corporate team building and holds open workshops at various pittsburgh venues including blue sky kitchen and bar.  to host a special flower arranging experience for your team, visit www.andflowers.com . arkenstone technologies provides insights to healthcare and government agencies through data analytics and augmented reality training. arkenstone technologies sees healthcare differently.  for more information, visit www.arkenstonetechnologies.com live fresh cold pressed juice + smoothie bar is designed to deliver the most refreshing and nutritional experience through 100% natural and tasty cold pressed juices, fresh fruit smoothies, signature açaí & smoothie bowls, and house-made nut butters. enjoy a 100% vegan friendly, gluten free, and delicious menu every day of the week! for more information, visit www.livefreshjuicery.com the young dreamers’ bookstore is a mobile book retail startup founded in 2022 for young children and their families. they provide dream-centered and enriching children’s books that “meet kids at their dreams", proudly featuring books that herald protagonists of african descent from across the globe. the young dreamers' bookstore assists children in seeing the connection between reading books and creating dreams of personal fulfillment and social consequence. for more information, visit www.theyoungdreamersbookstore.com nancy's diner was established in 1974 and has been loyally serving the wilkinsburg community with reasonably priced meals and kindness ever since. the current owner, jordan robarge, has been dedicated to providing livable-wage jobs for those with barriers to employment since starting his first food truck, revival chili, in 2016. now nancy's revival, the old-school diner is open for american-style breakfast and lunch. come in to support nancy's and the work they do in the community such as hosting life skills classes, providing meals for low-income citizens, and helping justice-involved individuals apply for pardons. for more information, visit www.nancysrevival.com lua dance club is a dance studio located in allison park. the studio is dance cirque certified and offers a wide variety of class options to learn, from ballet, jazz, and tap to international styles of dance such as brazilian, afro-fusion, and more! lua is a non-competitive and bilingual studio that values providing a fun and energetic approach to dance education. check out lua dance club for more information about their full range of classes at www.luadanceclub.com accordion-contract-81814 accordion-expand-81815 2022 going to bat for small business winners motor mouth multimedia is an award-winning communications and marketing firm, made up of a collective of creatives and consultants of color. founded by pittsburgh native heather hopson, motor mouth offers a full range of services, including graphic design, media relations, video production and website development. support this small business by going to motormouthmultimedia.com . support this small business by going to motormouthmultimedia.com. kingfisher services is a service-disabled veteran owned small business, headquartered south of pittsburgh, that offers veterans a path to integrate their occupational specialties with businesses. at the same time, kingfisher provides organizations high quality staffing and professional development training, to include leadership, process improvement, logistics, diversity, strategy, resiliency, team building, and much more. at kingfisher services, we are veterans helping veterans helping businesses. kingfisher: serving veterans and businesses with honor. support this small business by visiting kingfisher.llc . support this small business by visiting kingfisher.llc. fulton commons is a coworking office & kitchen on pittsburgh’s north side supporting independent founders, remote workers, and small non-profits. fulton common’s kitchen accelerator program empowers food entrepreneurs from launch to scale, helping grow pittsburgh's food businesses. support this small business by visiting fultonpgh.com . support this small business by visiting fultonpgh.com. aquality is a reusable water bottle brand that donates profits to build sustainable clean water sources in some of the most underserved communities in the world. every bottle purchased is expected to give at least one person clean water for a whole year! support this small business by visiting aqualitybottles.com/shop . support this small business by visiting aqualitybottles.com/shop. located in the north hills of pittsburgh, the tiny bookstore is 270 square feet of books, toys, and collectibles. as a mission-based business committed to supporting lifelong learning, their online community has resources that help teach everything from practical research skills and how to raise a reader to improving civic awareness and american history. support this small business by visiting tinybookspgh.com . support this small business by visiting tinybookspgh.com. sign language interpreting professionals, slip, is an asl interpreter referral agency providing access to onsite and remote interpreters who make the connection between you and the deaf community. the community cares about what you have to say - let us make sure no one is left out. is your message being seen? learn more about this business by visiting their website slipasl.com . learn more about this small business by visiting their website slipasl.com. accordion-contract-81816 accordion-expand-81817 2021 going to bat for small business winners concrete rose construction, a minority and women-owned business located in the north shore, is a full-service construction company that has served the pittsburgh area for over 20 years. they’re dedicated to building and improving residential and commercial structures with clients’ needs in mind using the highest quality products and customized for each client. to support this small business, visit concreteroseconstruction.com . to support this small business, visit  concreteroseconstruction.com. kabeyia & kompany llc, a minority and women-owned business located in oakland, offers a full line of professional solutions, specializing in accounting and business administering, with more than 20 years of industry experience. kabeyia & kompany strive to consistently provide outstanding solutions to simplify and optimize their clients’ financial and human resource management processes. to support this small business, visit kabeyia.com . to support this small business, visit kabeyia.com. a circa 1886 landmark and an urban courtyard are home to bistro to go. located in pittsburgh’s historic northside, our café chefs craft vintage comfort, artisan sandwiches & salads, with seasonal favorites. bistro events are personalized journeys. dazzling celebrations, corporate lunches and grand weddings. simple flavors and an artisan grazing table adds just the glitter to turn ordinary into extraordinary. relationships begin at the table. to support this small business, visit their north side location or bistroandcompany.com . to support this small business, visit their north side location or bistroandcompany.com. happy day dessert factory is a minority-owned business located in the north side. serving their signature homemade hard ice cream, happy day dessert factory also serves water ice, frozen custard, milkshakes, sundaes and more. at just 21 years old, owner galen moore jr has a passion for creative ice cream flavors; some popular flavors include oat ‘n honey granola, mocha fudge pie and apple pie. to support this small business, visit their north side location or visit happydaydessertfactory.com . to support this small business, visit their north side location or visit happydaydessertfactory.com. children’s language immersion program “clip” is a spanish immersion program for children from birth through 5th grade. instructors utilize both an innovative and engaging curriculum that will excite students about learning the spanish language and its culture. clip was founded by 3 local moms looking for a fun and engaging program knowing the advantages of being bilingual. to support this small business, visit clippgh.com . to support this small business, visit clippgh.com. casa brasil is a brazilian bar and restaurant located in highland park. known for bringing the best flavor of brazilian home cooking to pittsburgh, casa brasil is currently offering take out and full-service catering options. in response to those in the restaurant business affected by the pandemic, they started a meal service program called allegheny eats. to support this small business, visit their highland park location or visit casa-brasil.com . to support this small business, visit their highland park location or visit casa-brasil.com. accordion-contract-81818 accordion-expand-81819 2020 going to bat for small business winners north shore tavern is pittsburgh's premier destination for delicious food, cold beer, and love of all things baseball. located on federal street directly across the street from pnc park, north shore tavern is ideal for lunch, happy hour, or enjoying dinner and a drink before, during, or after events happening throughout the downtown pittsburgh area. steak on a stone, their signature menu item, has taken the north shore by storm and delivers a unique dining experience sure to bring you and your favorite people back to visit in the future. to support this small business, visit them at 120 federal street. website: northshoretavern.com located in the east end, rs supply is a family owned business that carries an extensive line of paper products, janitorial supplies and ppe from the highest quality manufacturers. representing an in-depth knowledge of products and their performance characteristics, rs supply is able to address the unique needs of our customers. our comprehensive line of products and solutions enhance customer productivity, efficiency and cost control. rs supply has served pittsburgh and its surrounding areas for over 15 years. to support this small business, visit them at 6629 hamilton avenue. website: rssupplyllc.com located on pittsburgh's north side, wagsburgh strives to build healthy, lasting relationships through offering you products that will keep your pet healthy and happy for many healthy years to come. wagsburgh also shares their knowledge of being a pet parent so it creates a strong and loving bond between you and your furry family. the brands wagsburgh carries are designed to add nutrition to your pet's diet so they stay active and healthy for many years to come. never compromising the quality of brands carried, wagsburgh offers a nice selection to meet everyone's budget. to support this small business, visit them at 632 east ohio street. website: wagspgh.com since 2004, north side based priory fine pastries has been a place where local residents can come for a good cup of coffee and a delicious pastry. they're also a premier destination in pittsburgh for wedding planners and couples planning for their big day, as well as businesses with large orders of unique, delectable cookies and cakes. to support this small business, visit them at 528 east ohio street. website: prioryfinepastries.com a part of the hill district, jerry's pizzeria is a family owned pizza shop offering pizza, calzones, wedges, salads and pizza by the slice. jerry's pizzeria was built on the foundation of caring: caring about the food, caring about the customer and caring about the community. to support this small business, order from them at 412-742-4672. website: jerryspizzeriamenu.com the new pittsburgh courier, from its inception, has always sought to empower and encourage african americans, whether it be socially, economically or politically. we are an award-winning publication that is a trusted source of information and news, as well as a respected platform for open discussion and debate on issues that are both timely and relevant, not only for the black community, but the local community, as a whole. we remain dedicated to our community, our readers and our commitment to journalistic excellence. to read current stories or subscribe to the print edition, go to newpittsburghcourier.com inside fans piratesfest pirates hall of fame souvenir tickets dave parker hof travel packages going to bat for small business social media email newsletters experiences & merchandise mascots and more pirates kids bucaroos kids club pirates gift guide official info help/contact us accessibility job opportunities corporate partnerships