kids club | pittsburgh pirates tickets 2025 ticket info & schedule 2025 spring training single game tickets mini plans season tickets special ticket events group tickets fan value deals pittsburgh baseball club level premium seating hospitality areas my pirates tickets digital ticketing 3d seating map pnc park tours concerts & events mlb ballpark app buy & sell tickets on seatgeek premium schedule 2025 spring training schedule 2025 regular season schedule promotions schedule sortable schedule printable schedule downloadable schedule broadcast schedule mlb events scores stats team stats top prospect stats affiliate stats baseball savant roster 40-man roster non-roster invitees depth chart starting lineups coaches transactions injury updates draft results front office broadcasters player search minor league affiliates top 30 prospects video run it back pirates charities pirates game recap most popular photos news latest headlines official releases probable pitchers game notes pirates pipeline rss news feed mlb news pnc park ballpark information ballpark enhancements gameday guide pnc park tours concerts & events plan your special event pirates clubhouse store features, facts & firsts let's go bucs, let's go green. experience history at pnc park team history pirates charities fans piratesfest pirates hall of fame souvenir tickets dave parker hof travel packages going to bat for small business social media email newsletters experiences & merchandise mascots and more pirates kids bucaroos kids club pirates gift guide apps mlb mlb ballpark mlb play milb mlb home run derby mlb faqs mlb ballpark faqs mlb play faqs standings sth hq mlb.tv buy mlb.tv mlb.tv st schedule watch & listen help center shop jerseys caps men's women's kids big & tall trading cards collectibles & memorabilia home & office clearance european shop gift certificates pirates auctions - bid or buy mlb auctions - bid or buy mlb authentication team store locations teams al east baltimore orioles baltimore boston red sox boston new york yankees ny yankees tampa bay rays tampa bay toronto blue jays toronto al central chicago white sox chi white sox cleveland guardians cleveland detroit tigers detroit kansas city royals kansas city minnesota twins minnesota al west athletics athletics houston astros houston los angeles angels la angels seattle mariners seattle texas rangers texas nl east atlanta braves atlanta miami marlins miami new york mets ny mets philadelphia phillies philadelphia washington nationals washington nl central chicago cubs chi cubs cincinnati reds cincinnati milwaukee brewers milwaukee pittsburgh pirates pittsburgh st. louis cardinals st. louis nl west arizona diamondbacks arizona colorado rockies colorado los angeles dodgers la dodgers san diego padres san diego san francisco giants san francisco español log in bucaroos kids club presented by chick-fil-a® pittsburgh membership options gold membership kit members portal faq contact us the 2025 bucaroos kids club, presented by chick-fil-a, is exclusively for pirates fans 14 & younger! the club offers member-only benefits all season long! membership options gold membership - $35 gold membership (season ticket holder discount) - $30 gold membership (pirates pnc bank card discount) - $30 silver membership - free all gold & silver members who chose the pick-up option, can pick up their benefits inside of pnc park during pirates home games! all gold members & silver members who chose the $6 shipping option, will receive their membership benefits within 1-2 weeks from the purchase date. *pirates season ticket holders and pnc bank pirates check card holders save $5 on gold memberships — pay $30. **valid for sunday – friday pirates games; excludes opening series vs yankees; redemption is online only; valid only after membership activation at pirates.com/bucaroos + access to special events is subject to availability once events are released, limited spots available. membership kit (gold members only) bucaroos kids club membership kit includes: jersey style drawstring bag bucket hat sports sunglasses rally flag already a bkc member? use the portal to activate memberships, redeem tickets and more. baseball-80237 members portal faq accordion-contract-80238 accordion-expand-80239 how long will it take my membership benefits to arrive? your membership benefits will arrive in two parts. ticket vouchers: your free ticket voucher codes will be emailed to the address used to purchase the membership within one week from purchase date. your one-time $10 off discount can be found in your my pirates ticket account under “my special offers”. membership benefits: gold and silver members can have their benefits mailed to the address provided (if the delivery option was selected when purchased) or pick them up at the kids club booth at pnc park on the riverwalk during a 2025 game though the end of the 6 th *please note if you select mailing, membership benefits will arrive within 1-2 weeks. accordion-contract-80240 accordion-expand-80241 how do i bring up the silver membership option? to bring up the silver option, click the green button above that says "silver membership – free". after that you will be in the signup flow, once there click done and then click on the white box at the bottom of the screen that says "2025 bucaroos kids club" that will bring up both membership options of gold and silver and then you can adjust your desired quantities from there. if signing up on mobile, you will need to click the white up arrow within the black box to bring up both membership options. accordion-contract-80242 accordion-expand-80243 what games are available for the ticket vouchers and where will my seats be located? you can use your bucaroos kids club ticket vouchers to attend any 2025 sunday through friday home game, excluding the opening series against the yankees. vouchers are valid for select areas in the lower and upper levels. accordion-contract-80244 accordion-expand-80245 can i use more than one voucher at a time/for the same game? yes, you can redeem more than one free ticket voucher code in the same transaction. for your free vouchers, you'll need to enter each code individually. accordion-contract-80246 accordion-expand-80247 can i purchase additional tickets to be seated with my voucher tickets? yes, additional tickets may be purchased at the regular adult-price. tickets and games are subject to availability and the offer is subject to change at any time. no refunds or exchanges; cannot be combined with any other discount, promotion or offer. accordion-contract-80248 accordion-expand-80249 what does it mean to activate my membership and how do i activate it? activating your membership ensures that we have your correct contact information to keep you updated on special club news. you will not be able to redeem your tickets until you have activated your membership. to activate your membership click "already a member" at the top of the page. fill out the information requested and submit the form. accordion-contract-80250 accordion-expand-80251 how do i redeem my ticket vouchers? ticket redemption will take place exclusively online only via the bucaroos kids club members portal page. click the 'members portal' button at the top of the page for access. once inside the portal, follow the directions to redeem your free or discounted tickets using the special link on the portal page. your free ticket voucher codes are located in the email you should have received within one week of purchasing. if you can’t locate your free ticket codes, please email bucaroos@pirates.com . accordion-contract-80252 accordion-expand-80253 how do i redeem my $10 off ticket discount? to redeem your one time $10 off ticket discount visit the bucaroos kids club members portal page. click the 'members portal' button at the top of the page for access. once inside the portal, follow the directions to redeem your $10 off coupon using the special link on the portal page. your code to redeem this offer will be the email that you used to sign up for the membership. please note this offer may only be used one time and your code usage is only valid for how many memberships you have. accordion-contract-80254 accordion-expand-80255 am i able to select my seats when redeeming my free tickets? yes, you can choose your seats when redeeming your free tickets by selecting seat map. accordion-contract-80256 accordion-expand-80257 what if my child loses their bucaroos kids club membership card or i deleted the email with my ticket codes? unfortunately, we cannot replace lost or stolen items (such as lanyards, sunglasses, etc). if you accidentally deleted your email with your ticket voucher codes, please reach out to bucaroos@pirates.com with your name and the email address used to purchase the memberships. contact us have questions about your membership? let us help! bucaroos@pirates.com . inside fans piratesfest pirates hall of fame souvenir tickets dave parker hof travel packages going to bat for small business social media email newsletters experiences & merchandise mascots and more pirates kids bucaroos kids club pirates gift guide official info help/contact us accessibility job opportunities corporate partnerships