the official online auction site of the pittsburgh pirates  | pittsburgh pirates auctions login/register (0) type at least three characters to see results. teams mlb arizona diamondbacks athletics atlanta braves baltimore orioles boston red sox chicago cubs chicago white sox cincinnati reds cleveland guardians colorado rockies detroit tigers houston astros kansas city royals los angeles angels los angeles dodgers miami marlins milwaukee brewers minnesota twins new york mets new york yankees philadelphia phillies pittsburgh pirates san diego padres san francisco giants seattle mariners st. louis cardinals tampa bay rays texas rangers toronto blue jays washington nationals all items auctions quick search closing soon hot items just opened recently closed all items buy now all items team authentics mlb arizona diamondbacks athletics atlanta braves baltimore orioles boston red sox chicago cubs chicago white sox cincinnati reds cleveland guardians colorado rockies detroit tigers houston astros kansas city royals los angeles angels los angeles dodgers miami marlins milwaukee brewers minnesota twins new york mets new york yankees philadelphia phillies pittsburgh pirates san diego padres san francisco giants seattle mariners st. louis cardinals tampa bay rays texas rangers toronto blue jays washington nationals czech republic great britain nicaragua pakistan mlb auction home mlb authentication bid status wish/watch list subscribe text bidding login/register (0) log in or create an account login or checkout as guest log in or create an account login or checkout as guest shopping cart purchases available now various memorabilia items now available under the buy now tab buy now bid by sms now it’s even easier to bid on mlb auctions learn more sign in to get started about bid by sms now it’s even easier to bid on mlb auctions. when you see an auction labeled for sms bidding, just send the sms reference id and your bid amount to the number given, separated by a semicolon(;). for instance, to bid $10 on an auction with reference id mlb1000, text mlb1000;10 to 1-989-256-1025 learn more sign in to get started here we're sorry, but you have reached the end of the auction list! we have a wide range of other items for you to browse through, click the button below! shop here american league jerseys please select a category: mens womens youth national league jerseys please select a category: mens womens youth become a fan follow us mlb.com customer service faq mlb shop privacy policy terms & conditions ©2025 mlb advanced media, l.p. all rights reserved the following are trademarks or service marks of major league baseball entities and may be used only with permission of major league baseball properties, inc. or the relevant major league baseball entity: major league, major league baseball, mlb, the silhouetted batter logo, world series, national league, american league, division series, league championship series, all-star game, and the names, nicknames, logos, uniform designs, color combinations, and slogans designating the major league baseball clubs and entities, and their respective mascots, events and exhibitions. use of the website signifies your agreement to the terms of use and privacy policy . powered by commerce dynamics marketplace solutions real time bid refresh is no longer active on the site click "reactivate" below to enable real time bid refresh and see the most recent bidding activity, or click "cancel" to keep it disabled. please visit the faq page to learn more about real time bid refresh. reactivate cancel