ryan borucki eager to regain 2023 form for pirates skip to content tickets 2025 ticket info & schedule 2025 spring training single game tickets mini plans season tickets special ticket events group tickets fan value deals pittsburgh baseball club level premium seating hospitality areas my pirates tickets digital ticketing 3d seating map pnc park tours concerts & events mlb ballpark app buy & sell tickets on seatgeek premium schedule 2025 spring training schedule 2025 regular season schedule promotions schedule sortable schedule printable schedule downloadable schedule broadcast schedule mlb events scores stats team stats top prospect stats affiliate stats baseball savant roster 40-man roster non-roster invitees depth chart starting lineups coaches transactions injury updates draft results front office broadcasters player search minor league affiliates top 30 prospects video run it back pirates charities pirates game recap most popular photos news latest headlines official releases probable pitchers game notes pirates pipeline rss news feed mlb news pnc park ballpark information ballpark enhancements gameday guide pnc park tours concerts & events plan your special event pirates clubhouse store features, facts & firsts let's go bucs, let's go green. experience history at pnc park team history pirates charities fans piratesfest pirates hall of fame souvenir tickets dave parker hof travel packages going to bat for small business social media email newsletters experiences & merchandise mascots and more pirates kids bucaroos kids club pirates gift guide apps mlb mlb ballpark mlb play milb mlb home run derby mlb faqs mlb ballpark faqs mlb play faqs standings sth hq mlb.tv buy mlb.tv mlb.tv st schedule watch & listen help center shop jerseys caps men's women's kids big & tall trading cards collectibles & memorabilia home & office clearance european shop gift certificates pirates auctions - bid or buy mlb auctions - bid or buy mlb authentication team store locations teams al east baltimore orioles baltimore boston red sox boston new york yankees ny yankees tampa bay rays tampa bay toronto blue jays toronto al central chicago white sox chi white sox cleveland guardians cleveland detroit tigers detroit kansas city royals kansas city minnesota twins minnesota al west athletics athletics houston astros houston los angeles angels la angels seattle mariners seattle texas rangers texas nl east atlanta braves atlanta miami marlins miami new york mets ny mets philadelphia phillies philadelphia washington nationals washington nl central chicago cubs chi cubs cincinnati reds cincinnati milwaukee brewers milwaukee pittsburgh pirates pittsburgh st. louis cardinals st. louis nl west arizona diamondbacks arizona colorado rockies colorado los angeles dodgers la dodgers san diego padres san diego san francisco giants san francisco español log in borucki eager to regain '23 form to help solidify pirates' bullpen march 9th, 2025 alex stumpf @ alexjstumpf share share-square-137366 lakeland, fla. -- ryan borucki has been in this spot before, but it certainly is a departure from a year ago. in 2023, borucki went from a midseason minor league pickup to one of the top relievers in the pirates’ bullpen, firing sliders and sweepers that left-handed hitters just couldn’t catch up to, en route to a 2.45 era. whether it was as a lefty specialist, in leverage situations or as an opener, borucki seemed to click in every role he was thrust into, putting him in position to be a main cog in the next year’s bullpen. enjoy no fees on all pirates tickets through sunday instead, triceps troubles sidelined him in early april, and after a couple false starts on rehab assignments, borucki didn’t return to the bullpen until rosters expanded in september. he understandably wasn’t as sharp in that final month, but finishing on the field and on his own terms was about the best he could have hoped for given the start of his year. “it's just a very frustrating four months with a lot of trial and error stuff,” borucki said. “obviously, i didn't finish the way i wanted to, but it was more reflecting on how i was more happy just to be able to pitch and be healthy again, rather than sitting on the bad results that i had. it was just more motivating going into the offseason to get better, and yeah, kinda bounce back and have a year like i did in 2023." after a down year in 2024 (7.36 era in 11 innings over 14 appearances), borucki had to settle for a non-guaranteed deal with an invitation to spring training. the pirates sorely missed having a reliable southpaw in their bullpen, and a healthy borucki would be a big addition. he’s feeling much better this year so far, and the results have reflected it, striking out five without allowing an earned run over five innings this spring. "it was actually a pretty normal offseason for me, because i finished the year healthy,” borucki said. “i took a week off, threw a little bit more than i normally do. got ramped up a bit earlier, just because i had the time off. … it wasn't good at first, but it's getting better every day that goes by.” the early start could help, but there was another development in mid-january that could have a great impact on his season: he started throwing a splitter. casey mize of the tigers is borucki’s offseason catch partner, and the 2018 first overall pick has a quality split-finger offering. on jan. 10, borucki decided to try it out while playing catch. the next day, he threw it in a bullpen, liked how it moved and decided that he should experiment further with it. he hasn’t thrown it a lot yet, but he’s shown that it can play. on march 2, he dropped one in against the tigers’ jahmai jones, who swung through it for strike three. he effectively killed the spin on the pitch and it got 37 inches of downward movement with gravity taken into account. among pitchers who threw a respectable amount of splitters last year, that would have ranked in the top 15 in terms of vertical movement, comparable to kirby yates. get the latest from the pirates have the latest news, ticket information, and more from the pirates and mlb delivered right to your inbox. sign up “i have bigger hands, so it's not like a splinker or anything like that,” borucki said, referencing paul skenes’ offering. “[mize] was helping me just with my sights and how he threw it. we kinda did a lot of trial and error with different grips. we found a grip that worked, came here, adjusted my grip a little more with [assistant pitching coach brent] strom and now it's been really consistent.” between his slider, sweeper and sinker, borucki does his best work in the bottom of the zone, which is where his new pitch could also flourish. he had a very healthy whiff rate for a sinkerballer in 2023 (28.1%), and this could help build on those numbers. of course, the most important thing for borucki is just staying healthy. last year was frustrating, but he’s come to camp in a much better spot than where he was for most of 2024. now he has to prove that he can stay that way. “we saw borucki at the end of '23, he was one of the best left-on-left guys, or best left-handed relievers in baseball,” manager derek shelton said. “it's just making sure he stays healthy, making sure he's able to execute pitches at the bottom half of the zone. when he does that, he's really effective."