eddy yean gets six-out save in spring outing vs. phillies skip to content tickets 2025 ticket info & schedule 2025 spring training single game tickets mini plans season tickets special ticket events group tickets fan value deals pittsburgh baseball club level premium seating hospitality areas my pirates tickets digital ticketing 3d seating map pnc park tours concerts & events mlb ballpark app buy & sell tickets on seatgeek premium schedule 2025 spring training schedule 2025 regular season schedule promotions schedule sortable schedule printable schedule downloadable schedule broadcast schedule mlb events scores stats team stats top prospect stats affiliate stats baseball savant roster 40-man roster non-roster invitees depth chart starting lineups coaches transactions injury updates draft results front office broadcasters player search minor league affiliates top 30 prospects video run it back pirates charities pirates game recap most popular photos news latest headlines official releases probable pitchers game notes pirates pipeline rss news feed mlb news pnc park ballpark information ballpark enhancements gameday guide pnc park tours concerts & events plan your special event pirates clubhouse store features, facts & firsts let's go bucs, let's go green. experience history at pnc park team history pirates charities fans piratesfest pirates hall of fame souvenir tickets dave parker hof travel packages going to bat for small business social media email newsletters experiences & merchandise mascots and more pirates kids bucaroos kids club pirates gift guide apps mlb mlb ballpark mlb play milb mlb home run derby mlb faqs mlb ballpark faqs mlb play faqs standings sth hq mlb.tv buy mlb.tv mlb.tv st schedule watch & listen help center shop jerseys caps men's women's kids big & tall trading cards collectibles & memorabilia home & office clearance european shop gift certificates pirates auctions - bid or buy mlb auctions - bid or buy mlb authentication team store locations teams al east baltimore orioles baltimore boston red sox boston new york yankees ny yankees tampa bay rays tampa bay toronto blue jays toronto al central chicago white sox chi white sox cleveland guardians cleveland detroit tigers detroit kansas city royals kansas city minnesota twins minnesota al west athletics athletics houston astros houston los angeles angels la angels seattle mariners seattle texas rangers texas nl east atlanta braves atlanta miami marlins miami new york mets ny mets philadelphia phillies philadelphia washington nationals washington nl central chicago cubs chi cubs cincinnati reds cincinnati milwaukee brewers milwaukee pittsburgh pirates pittsburgh st. louis cardinals st. louis nl west arizona diamondbacks arizona colorado rockies colorado los angeles dodgers la dodgers san diego padres san diego san francisco giants san francisco español log in after a slow rise, yean is showing the bucs what he can do march 7th, 2025 alex stumpf @ alexjstumpf share share-square-136355 bradenton, fla. -- when the pirates traded josh bell to the nationals in the winter of 2020, they got two very different types of pitchers in return. one was wil crowe, a major league-ready prospect. the other was eddy yean , a 19-year-old complete unknown with only 10 games of rookie ball experience. if one searched for videos online at the time, the most popular video was not yean pitching but rather him flipping tractor tires in a workout video. it’s been a long road through the pirates’ farm system since that trade, but the now-23-year-old right-hander is in major league camp. friday afternoon offered a taste of his potential, as yean recorded the final six outs to close the pirates’ 3-2 win over the phillies at lecom park, striking out a pair. enjoy no fees on all pirates tickets through sunday safe to say that save will serve as a better highlight video than flipping tires. “i’ve been working so hard to be known, and finally, i’ve got the chance,” said yean, via coach and interpreter stephen morales, after chuckling while remembering that video. “i’m grateful to have the chance to show myself and show what i can do.” friday was a small sample of what yean can do on the mound. he has two fastballs, a two-seamer and four-seamer that both sit around 94-97 mph, with the latter being a tough pitch to hit when it’s in the upper third of the strike zone. he also has a changeup and a slider that gets good spin (averaging about 2,500 rpm), but the fastball is the calling card. when yean is able to hit his spots, especially in the upper third, the results can speak for themselves, like his five fastball whiffs friday. “i’ve been working on that, and i know i can get a lot of people out up there,” yean said. “that was one of the main focuses last year, to work the top part of the strike zone and go in with the sinker. it’s working so far.” “he throws strikes,” manager derek shelton said. “i mean, there's 97 [mph] in there, and that's a big, imposing figure. just continues to get better and has done a nice job for us in the minor leagues.” it’s been a slow rise through the minors for yean but one that has picked up steam in recent years. he earned a very brief callup to triple-a indianapolis at the end of last season, posting a 3.36 era and 69 strikeouts over 75 innings between there and double-a altoona before making a stop in the arizona fall league. yean was set to be a minor league free agent at the end of the season, but he re-upped with the pirates this winter. the camaraderie that he’s experienced while coming up through the system to his first major league spring training is a reason why. “one thing that has stood out this year is the connection with my teammates, the support of my teammates,” yean said. “they’re not letting me out there in the middle of nowhere. they’ve been really supportive and are always trying to help me. i like that about the team. i feel like i’m connected to the whole clubhouse.” unlike veteran relievers on minor league contracts with non-roster invitations to major league camp, yean can be reassigned to the minors if he doesn’t break camp with the club. considering he only had two appearances with indianapolis last year, that seems like the most likely outcome. but if friday is an indicator, a 2025 promotion could be in the cards, and the long-shot half of the bell trade could eventually hit five years later. “i’m giving my 100 percent just to make sure i put myself in a good spot,” yean said. “the team will make a decision, and whatever it is, i’ll be happy for it, but we’re working really hard to accomplish that and make the team.”