takeaways from pirates spring training 2025 skip to content tickets 2025 ticket info & schedule 2025 spring training single game tickets mini plans season tickets special ticket events group tickets fan value deals pittsburgh baseball club level premium seating hospitality areas my pirates tickets digital ticketing 3d seating map pnc park tours concerts & events mlb ballpark app buy & sell tickets on seatgeek premium schedule 2025 spring training schedule 2025 regular season schedule promotions schedule sortable schedule printable schedule downloadable schedule broadcast schedule mlb events scores stats team stats top prospect stats affiliate stats baseball savant roster 40-man roster non-roster invitees depth chart starting lineups coaches transactions injury updates draft results front office broadcasters player search minor league affiliates top 30 prospects video run it back pirates charities pirates game recap most popular photos news latest headlines official releases probable pitchers game notes pirates pipeline rss news feed mlb news pnc park ballpark information ballpark enhancements gameday guide pnc park tours concerts & events plan your special event pirates clubhouse store features, facts & firsts let's go bucs, let's go green. experience history at pnc park team history pirates charities fans piratesfest pirates hall of fame souvenir tickets dave parker hof travel packages going to bat for small business social media email newsletters experiences & merchandise mascots and more pirates kids bucaroos kids club pirates gift guide apps mlb mlb ballpark mlb play milb mlb home run derby mlb faqs mlb ballpark faqs mlb play faqs standings sth hq mlb.tv buy mlb.tv mlb.tv st schedule watch & listen help center shop jerseys caps men's women's kids big & tall trading cards collectibles & memorabilia home & office clearance european shop gift certificates pirates auctions - bid or buy mlb auctions - bid or buy mlb authentication team store locations teams al east baltimore orioles baltimore boston red sox boston new york yankees ny yankees tampa bay rays tampa bay toronto blue jays toronto al central chicago white sox chi white sox cleveland guardians cleveland detroit tigers detroit kansas city royals kansas city minnesota twins minnesota al west athletics athletics houston astros houston los angeles angels la angels seattle mariners seattle texas rangers texas nl east atlanta braves atlanta miami marlins miami new york mets ny mets philadelphia phillies philadelphia washington nationals washington nl central chicago cubs chi cubs cincinnati reds cincinnati milwaukee brewers milwaukee pittsburgh pirates pittsburgh st. louis cardinals st. louis nl west arizona diamondbacks arizona colorado rockies colorado los angeles dodgers la dodgers san diego padres san diego san francisco giants san francisco español log in 4 takeaways as pirates reach halfway point of spring march 7th, 2025 alex stumpf @ alexjstumpf share share-square-136868 bradenton, fla. -- as the pirates took the field at ed smith stadium ahead of a 9-5 win over the orioles on thursday, they unofficially crossed into the second half of spring training. that sweet spot of the schedule where they’re three weeks removed from pitchers and catchers reporting and three weeks away from opening day against the marlins at loandepot park. as we look towards the second half of the spring, let’s break down four key takeaways from february and early march. enjoy no fees on all pirates tickets through sunday 1. it’s ok to exhale about first base the pirates were thrown a late curveball this offseason when spencer horwitz underwent surgery on his right wrist , leaving them in an awkward spot for first base. horwitz is very unlikely to be ready for opening day, which meant the pirates had to look internally for a short-term solution. the competition is still ongoing, but just about everyone in the mix has had some good swings thus far. nick yorke doubled off the wall on thursday, dj stewart and matt gorski have shown plenty of pop, and billy cook and jared triolo offer defensive versatility that could make plugging them in at first base fine in the short-term. it’s horwitz’s job long-term, but the pirates have options until he’s healthy. 2. henry davis and jack suwinski look more confident there were many reasons why the 2024 pirates offense ranked in the bottom third of the league in terms of runs and ops, so you can’t put too much of the onus on suwinski and davis. that said, suwinski was coming off a 26-homer season and davis was the no. 1 overall draft pick in 2021, and they combined to be worth -2.3 war in 2024 and spent a large portion of the season in the minors. they’re just spring swings, but both have looked better mechanically and mentally in the box thus far. davis is spraying the ball to all three fields -- a very good sign after working to become less pull-heavy this offseason -- and suwinski has six hits in 16 at-bats and is averaging an 100.4 mph exit velocity on his tracked batted balls. of course, it’s a small sample size, but it’s not the batting average that’s really encouraging. “i mean that ball can be hit hard and someone can catch it or it could easily be an 0-fer day,” suwinski said last week. “the good feelings and the quality at-bats are a little more sustainable.” 3. not having johan oviedo is a bummer the pirates knew they probably needed to add a starter whenever they traded luis ortiz this winter, and they’re probably pretty happy they added andrew heaney after oviedo suffered a lat injury after his last live batting practice, which landed him on the 60-day injured list. new imaging will be done on his lat and surgically-repaired arm in late march or early april, but it’s likely going to be at least six weeks until he can restart a throwing program with plyo balls. oviedo might be overlooked after the paul skenes and jared jones hype from last year and the excitement surrounding top 100 prospects like bubba chandler ( no. 15 ) and thomas harrington ( no. 79 ) being on the precipice of the majors, but oviedo showed great stuff and growth in 2023. he flashed a 3.72 era and held hitters to a .210 batting average across 14 starts in the second half of that season, marks that would fit right into this rotation. get the latest from the pirates have the latest news, ticket information, and more from the pirates and mlb delivered right to your inbox. sign up 4. skenes’ cutter is intriguing skenes had one of the most ruthless pitch mixes in baseball last year. so what does he do this winter? naturally, add two more pitches: a two-seamer and a cutter. • skenes talks new pitching weapons, hope for the 2025 pirates his “splinker” was a sinker more than a splitter in his mind last year, so we can take a guess at how a two-seamer could play. but the cutter? that’s mostly uncharted territory in terms of velocity and movement compared to the rest of his arsenal. “i didn’t have anything like that before and it was kind of like, ‘well, i throw 100, why don’t i throw a 90 mile-an-hour slider, basically? why don’t i throw a breaking ball that’s around 90? because i can,’” skenes explained. “my sweeper was around 85 last year, and so that’s part of it, but the sweeper is so big that if i don’t get any swings on the cutter, it’s still going to get me swings on the sweeper.” we don’t have pitch data on the cutter yet, and he’s still figuring out how to use it, but yet another potential plus pitch could only be beneficial.