pittsburgh steelers women | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games women of steel home influencers & celebs of steel women of the front office pittsburgh steelers women | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com women of steel is the pittsburgh steelers' platform celebrating the nfl's largest female fanbase. through exclusive events, contests and content, our mission is to unite women from all walks of life who share a passion for the black and gold. whether you're a die-hard steelers fan or just started rooting for us, women of steel offers a community where you can connect, engage, and learn alongside other women of steelers nation. our pillars sign up for steelers email to receive the latest on women's events, merch, and more! sign up for email pnc small business spotlight in pittsburgh, small businesses are the backbone of our region, representing the determination we have to offer. in partnership with pnc, the women of steel small business spotlight program will receive support from executives at pnc and the pittsburgh steelers, providing mentorship to women-owned small businesses while utilizing the steelers platform to bring awareness to them.​ both organizations believe in a world where women transform companies and push society forward. this program is finding ways to support females, drive them to the top, and keep them climbing.​ 2024 honorees stories like me helen campbell / co-owner and ceo helen campbell (she/her) and imogen campbell hendricks (she/her) - co-owners, business partners, and mom and daughter team - are thrilled to be selected as women of steel. stories like me is an indie bookstore for children through young adults, a community hub, and a safe space where all people can find themselves represented in books. to build their business, helen and imogen drew on their love of stories, along with their skills as project management professionals and musicians (musicians are very detail-oriented!). before opening their brick-and-mortar store in greenfield in november 2022, they did small pop-ups all throughout pittsburgh to bring diverse stories into the community. helen, a native of england began her career in film and tv, after which she worked as a project manager, brings all her jedi/mary poppins-type super powers to making sure all kids and families can see themselves in stories. imogen, named after a character from shakespeare, reads everything voraciously, writes, organizes, and loves trying out boutique gins! they find their joy and passion through finding stories for all of our kids and families. fierce knockouts karin christoff / owner karin, a proud mother of two teenage boys and married to a fellow veteran, brings a unique journey to her business. originally from peru, she arrived in the u.s. with no english skills but, through much sacrifice, learned by attending night school. she served as a u.s. army soldier and was deployed to afghanistan. she earned her bachelor's in information technology and mba after she was honorably discharged from active duty. inspired by her personal experiences during the pandemic, karin founded fierce knockouts to address a gap in workout apparel for women. she recognized that many women gain weight around their midsection, yet most clothes are designed for an ideal body shape. by creating beautiful, confidence-boosting workout clothes, karin aims to make busy women feel amazing whether they're working out, running errands, or doing chores at home. her mission is to empower and uplift women, one outfit at a time. mele's gifts & party planning jarmele e. fairclaugh / gift creator & owner founded in 2019 by gift creator and owner jarmele e. fairclaugh, mele's gifts & party planning emerged from a deeply personal journey. what began as a heartfelt tradition of creating custom gifts for jarmele's beloved grandmother, who resided in a nursing facility, has grown into a thriving business dedicated to celebrating life's special moments. jarmele's mission started with simple acts of love—gift-wrapping chocolates, clothing, and shoes to bring a smile to her grandmother's face. her grandmother, a cherished beacon of joy and strength in the family following the passing of jarmele's mother, inspired the creation of mele's gifts & party planning. following her grandmother's passing, jarmele's family—her son michael and husband mark—encouraged her to turn her passion into a business. they established a website and business cards, and with their support, mele's gifts & party planning was born. today, mele's gifts & party planning is proud to be part of a vibrant community of woman-owned businesses and is honored to be recognized as a woman of steel by the pittsburgh steelers and pnc bank. we specialize in custom-created gifts and exceptional event planning, dedicated to turning your ideas into reality and making every occasion memorable. celebrate with us, and let's bring your vision to life! the colombian spot karen perdomo / owner karen perdomo, a colombian and new jersey native, with a background in school business administration, opened the colombian spot, a family business, in the former pittsburgh public market in october of 2015 introducing arepas in the city of pittsburgh for the first time. starting as a small business with a limited space and a limited menu, it grew into a full service restaurant in the south side neighborhood and ever since, this has been the latin spot for many families in a time where latin american restaurants were non-existent in the city . later in 2022, a second location opened in the oakland area near pitt campus offering take out options for students and professionals. while empanadas and arepas are the signature items on the menu, the colombian spot offers a diverse latin american fusion menu, and catering services. karen's leadership, strategy, organization, discipline, and vision for the business, has developed many growing opportunities, including catering services for corporate and professional baseball teams, as well as community affiliations with latin organizations and other local neighborhood organizations. serenity bloom brandi taylor / founder brandi taylor, founder of serenity bloom, has blended her passion for cultivating peace with the art of floral design. originally from pittsburgh's hazelwood neighborhood, brandi's journey and entrepreneurial spirit led her to create serenity bloom, a thriving business that began with a love for crafting floral arrangements. her mission is simple: to make people smile and appreciate floral beauty. located in central northside, serenity bloom is a proud member of catapult greater pittsburgh's retail residency program and through their continued support envisions an exciting future for serenity bloom expanding it into a larger, multi-purpose space where she can provide luxury floral designs on a grander scale while also offering education and employment opportunities for youth in the floral industry. she motivated by the experiences she creates for her clients and the legacy she is building for her children. the wisdom imparted by her late grandmother, pearl bundrige, and late dear friend and mentor, joy bates, continues to inspire her daily. to experience the beauty and serenity that brandi taylor creates, connect with serenity bloom through the following platforms: - website: www.serenitybloompgh.com - facebook: serenity bloom pittsburgh - email: info@serenitybloompgh.com 2023 honorees makeshift bikes aryn gaslowitz | founder makeshift bikes is a small, scrappy bike repair shop and community space in the northside that was founded by aryn gaslowitz in 2017. in addition to selling and repairing bicycles and promoting their use, makeshift is focused on sustainability, creative reuse, and hands-on teaching. while this is their first year operating as a full service brick and mortar shop, makeshift has existed in various capacities. beginning in a garage in perry hilltop and then as a pop-up in the allegheny commons park, makeshift has, at every stage, been dedicated to serving the northside and helping anyone interested in learning more about bike maintenance--especially those who have been underrepresented in the typically male-dominated spaces of cycling and mechanics. in/tend celina peña | founder celina peña, a latina professional, established in/tend with the goal of assisting teams who aspire to enhance their impact, build their capacity, streamline their operations, build collaborative and participatory spaces, and expand their proposition across the local, regional, and national level. celina has extensive experience spanning over 20 years in both business operations and non-profit leadership. her areas of expertise include operations and management, communications, business and strategic planning, capacity building, revenue generation (including fundraising and sales), communications and marketing, lending, and business development, talent development and performance management, as well as process improvement. sugar x butter meredith & christine galloway | founders sugar x butter, founded by pittsburgh sisters meredith and christine galloway, is a culinary alchemy where flavors, cultures, and inspirations collide. starting as a small bakery, it blossomed into a thriving venture, with meredith's fusion expertise and community support leading to a restaurant opening in bakery square in 2021. while baked goods remain core, sugar x butter now offers diverse catering services and gourmet micro-events. christine's global experiences and marketing skills enrich the venture, turning it into a beloved pittsburgh dining and catering staple. devoted to excellence, sugar x butter creates unforgettable moments, transforming every dish into a cherished memory. hrt solutions jessica eberley | founder & ceo founded in 2016, hrt solutions is a wbenc and nglcc certified women-owned business that believes the key to a successful business strategy starts with your most valuable asset: your people. hrt solutions is based in pittsburgh but has clients across the united states, canada and even australia. hrt solutions was founded by jessica eberley. jessica believes the company's success can be credited to her team of over 25 that are passionate about connecting candidates to our best-in-class client base. in 2023, jessica opened her second business, equality careers, an lgbtqia+ job board. the mission of equality careers is to connect job seekers with progressive businesses that have a focus on dei. 2022 honorees advance sourcing concepts judith parker bernhard | owner founded in 2005, advance sourcing concepts llc is a wbenc, wosb sdb and dbe certified woman-owned business that aims to connect great talent with great companies and help our clients and candidates advance.​ while locally owned, advance sourcing concepts llc has a national reach, and can support clients in all fifty states to fulfill their staffing and executive search requirements. the company was founded by judith parker bernhard. judith prides her company on its reputation for integrity, innovation, and results. judith says, "the steel in our business spine comes from our outstanding team who has helped us grow a small local company into a position of national recognition. we are so honored to be included in this wonderful group of woman-owned companies and recognized as a woman of steel by the pittsburgh steelers and pnc bank."​ café tu y yo​ grace betancourt-jones | owner​ ​ café tu y yo was established in 2019 by grace betancourt-jones, a proud pittsburgher of 40 years and a native venezuelan.​ "we wanted to make a place for everyone, a place for 'you and i' to sit down and share food and memories with each other." grace took her long-time love with her own heritage and brought it to the fox chapel area, sharing her family's delicious empanada and arepa recipes, favorite coffees, and sweets from all over latin america.​ open space counseling, consulting & wellness​ samantha goldberg, msw, lcsw | founder & executive director​ ​ founded in 2018 by executive director samantha goldberg, open space counseling, consulting and wellness is a lgbtqia+ affirming and racial justice-oriented mental health care group providing services across the state of pa, with a mission to help people move from merely surviving to truly thriving. open space ccw specializes in serving those that are part of marginalized communities or feel "other," and creating an affirming, safe space for both their clients and their employees.​ when samantha, a social worker by trade, began seeing first-hand the serious lack of lgbtqia+ competent and affirming mental health services available to the lgbtqia+ community, and witnessed more and more colleagues experiencing inequity and burnout, the idea to transform open space ccw from her solo practice into a group practice was born.​ self-care señorita victoria snyder, m.ed, mslpa | founder​ victoria snyder, m.ed, mslpa is the founder of self-care señorita. founded in july of 2019, self-care señorita began as a blog and has grown to a lifestyle brand and company. emphasizing self-care through the elevation of small businesses and community collaboration, they believe that everyone should be selfish with their self-care. content and coverage women of steel take a look and hear from some of our women of steel about what this program means to them! cheering on the black and gold the steelerettes were a groundbreaking group in the 1960s photos: girls flag football jamboree the pittsburgh steelers hosted a girls flag football jamboree at the upmc rooney sports complex on sunday, february 23 giving back on a special day the steelers partnered with operation warm and the other local sports teams to give back on national girls & women in sports day watch: women of steel - dr. kathi r. elliott ceo of gwen's girls dr. kathi r. elliott talks about the impact her work makes in the community, being honored by steelers and more a black and gold work of art designing artwork for the steelers game day poster series converted nina zivkovic into becoming a woman of steel wilson-batch sets the standard latasha wilson-batch sets the standard when it comes to women of steel photos: 2024 steelhers social the steelers hosted the first-ever steelhers social event presented by upmc magee-womens hospital at acrisure stadium watch: steelhers social recap the steelers hosted the first-ever steelhers social at acrisure stadium a night to celebrate the female fanbase the steelers hosted the first-ever steelhers event at acrisure stadium pnc small business spotlight in partnership with pnc, the women of steel small business spotlight program provides mentorship to women-owned small businesses while utilizing the steelers platform to bring awareness to them steelhers social to offer fun for female fans the team is hosting their first-ever steelhers social in may watch: women of steel - four-year old ivy holmes four-year old ivy holmes beat cancer and did so with a terrible towel by her side watch: celebrating national girls & women in sports day in celebration of national girls & women in sports day, cameron heyward caught up with diana flores to talk about their super bowl commercial, the growth of flag football and more these women made their mark in sports it's not just steelers players, but also their wives, who have made their mark in the world of sports girls flag football girls flag football has become a sanctioned sport in pennsylvania starting in the 2025-26 school year! learn how you can get involved in the movement. learn more we offer girls in grades 7-12 this free & fun learning experience a few times a year!​ ​ girls interested in understanding and developing their football abilities join us at the upmc rooney sports complex to learn from coaches and steelers legends through drill stations and skill development games. learn more club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!