2025 nfl free agency q & a skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games labriola on asked and answered press releases game notes xtra points game recap opponents on press conference reaction steelers digest steelers en español advertising presented by 2025 nfl free agency q & a mar 07, 2025 at 06:20 pm teresa varley steelers.com copied! free agency is set to begin at 4 p.m. on wednesday, march 12 and it can be a confusing and fast-paced time. here is everything you need to know going in, including that the 2025 salary cap is set at $279,200,000 million per club. for all of the official details on the steelers free agency moves, check steelers.com on a regular basis. we will be bringing you all of the news via text, video, photo galleries and all of our social media platforms. in the meantime, here you go. all the answers from the nfl. * * * from the nfl: q. when does the 2025 free agency signing period begin? a. at 4:00 p.m. et on wednesday, march 12. q. when is the two-day negotiating period for potential unrestricted free agents? a. from 12:00 p.m. et on monday, march 10 until 3:59:59 p.m. et on wednesday, march 12, clubs are permitted to contact and enter into contract negotiations with the certified agents of players who will become unrestricted free agents upon expiration of their 2024 player contracts at 4:00 p.m. et on march 12. the two-day negotiating period applies only to prospective unrestricted free agents. it does not apply to players who have received, or who may receive, a required tender applicable to the 2025 league year (e.g., exclusive rights players, restricted free agents, franchise players or transition players). q. what are the categories of free agency? a. players are either "restricted free agents" or "unrestricted free agents." a restricted free agent may be subject to a "qualifying offer." a restricted or unrestricted free agent may be designated by his prior club as its franchise player or transition player. q. what is the time period for free agency signings this year? a. for restricted free agents, from march 12 to april 18. for unrestricted free agents who have received a tender from their prior club by the monday immediately following the final day of the nfl draft for the 2025 league year (i.e., april 28), from march 12 to july 22 (or the first scheduled day of the first nfl training camp, whichever is later). for franchise players, from march 12 until the tuesday following week 10 of the regular season, november 11. for transition players, from march 12 until july 22. after july 22 and until 4 p.m. et on the tuesday following week 10 of the regular season, november 11, the prior club has exclusive negotiating rights to unrestricted free agents and transition players. if the above-listed players do not sign by november 11, they must sit out the season. q. what is the difference between a restricted free agent and an unrestricted free agent? a. in the 2025 league year, players with three accrued seasons who have received a qualifying offer become restricted free agents when their contracts expire at the conclusion of the 2024 league year on march 12. unrestricted free agents have completed four or more accrued seasons. upon expiration of his 2024 contract, an unrestricted free agent is free to sign with any club with no draft-choice compensation owed to his old club. q. what constitutes an "accrued season"? a. six or more regular season games on a club's active/inactive, reserve/injured or reserve/physically unable to perform lists. q. how do the free agency rules apply to restricted free agents? a. if a player with three accrued seasons has received a "qualifying offer" (a salary tender predetermined by the collective bargaining agreement between the league and its players) from his old club, he can negotiate with any club through april 19. if the restricted free agent signs an offer sheet with a new club, his old club can match the offer and retain him because the qualifying offer entitles it to a "right of first refusal" on any offer sheet the player signs. if the old club does not match the offer, it may receive draft-choice compensation depending on the amount of its qualifying offer. if an offer sheet is not executed on or before april 18, the player's negotiating rights revert exclusively to his old club. in addition, prior to the start of free agency a player who would otherwise be a restricted free agent may be designated by his old club as its franchise player or transition player. q. what are the right of first refusal/qualifying offer amounts for players who have completed three accrued seasons? a. for right of first refusal only, a one-year salary of at least $3,263,000. for right of first refusal and compensation at the player's original draft round, a one-year salary of at least $3,406,000 or 110 percent of the 2024 paragraph 5 salary, whichever is greater. for right of first refusal and compensation of one second-round draft selection, a one-year salary of at least $5,346,000 or 110 percent of the 2024 paragraph 5 salary, whichever is greater. for right of first refusal and compensation of one first-round draft selection, a one-year salary of at least $7,458,000 or 110 percent of the 2024 paragraph 5 salary, whichever is greater. for right of first refusal and compensation of only one first-round draft selection, but any provision in the new club's offer sheet waiving or limiting the new club's ability to designate the player as a franchise or transition player is not a principal term and need not be matched by the prior club, a one-year salary of at least $7,958,000 or 110 percent of the 2024 paragraph 5 salary, whichever is greater. q. what determines an unrestricted free agent? a. a player with four or more accrued seasons whose contract has expired. he is free to sign with any club, with no draft-choice compensation owed to his old club, through july 22 (or the first scheduled day of the first nfl training camp, whichever is later). at that point, his negotiating rights revert exclusively to his old club if by april 28 the old club tendered the player a one-year contract for 110 percent of his prior year's salary. his old club then has until the tuesday following week 10 of the regular season (november 11) to sign him. if he does not sign by that date, he must sit out the season. if no tender is offered by april 28, the player can be signed by any club at any time throughout the season. q. what determines a franchise player? a. the salary offer by a player's club determines what type of franchise player he is: exclusive or non-exclusive. an "exclusive" franchise player – not free to sign with another club – is offered the greater of (i) the average of the top five salaries at the player's position for the current year as of the end of the restricted free agent signing period on april 18; or (ii) the amount of the required tender for a non-exclusive franchise player, as explained below. article 10, section 2(a)(i) of the cba sets forth the methodology, known as the "cap percentage average," for calculating the required tender for a non-exclusive franchise player: the nonexclusive franchise tender shall be a one year nfl player contract for (a) the average of the five largest prior year salaries for players at the position . . . at which the franchise player participated in the most plays during the prior league year, which average shall be calculated by: (1) summing the amounts of the franchise tags for players at that position for the five preceding league years; (2) dividing the resulting amount by the sum of the salary caps for the five preceding league years . . . ; and (3) multiplying the resulting percentage by the salary cap for the upcoming league year . . . (the "cap percentage average") . . . ; or (b) 120% of his prior year salary, whichever is greater . if a club extends a required tender to a "non-exclusive" franchise player pursuant to this section, the player shall be permitted to negotiate a player contract with any club, except that draft-choice compensation of two first-round draft selections shall be made in the event he signs with a new club. q. how many franchise players and transition players can a team designate each season? a. a club can designate one franchise player or one transition player among its potential restricted or unrestricted free agents. q. can a club decide to withdraw its franchise or transition designation on a player? a. yes. a club can withdraw its franchise or transition designation, and the player then automatically becomes an unrestricted free agent, either immediately if the tender is withdrawn after the start of the 2025 league year, or when his 2024 contract expires if the tender is withdrawn before the start of the 2025 league year. q. what is the salary cap for 2025? a. the salary cap is $279,200,000 per club. q. when must teams be in compliance with the salary cap? a. at the start of the 2025 league year, which begins at 4:00 p.m. et on wednesday, march 12. q. if a team is under the salary cap at the end of a given season, can the team "carry over" room to the next season? a. yes. a team may carry over room from one league year to the following league year by submitting notice to the nfl prior to 4:00 p.m. et on the day following the team's final regular-season game, indicating the amount of room that the club wishes to carry over. q. what is the maximum amount of room that a club can carry over? a. a club can carry over 100 percent of its remaining 2024 room to its adjusted salary cap for 2025. related content news steelers announce the official steelers fan cruise take a six-day, five-night adventure aboard the norwegian escape ship with steelers legends news steelers name mccurley inside linebackers coach the steelers named scott mccurley inside linebackers coach news steelers name alexander defensive backs coach the steelers have named gerald alexander defensive backs coach news steelers to play in nfl's first regular season game in ireland in '25 historic game to be played in dublin's iconic croke park news statement from rooney on mccaskey the steelers released a statement from team president art rooney ii on the passing of virginia mccaskey on thursday afternoon news 2025 nfl key dates a look at the key dates on the 2025 nfl calendar news steelers 2025 opponents determined dates and times aren't known yet, but the team's 2025 opponents are determined news anderson returns to practice offensive lineman calvin anderson returned to practice today but remains on the reserve/injured list news holcomb, lee and wilson return to practice linebacker cole holcomb, defensive lineman logan lee and receiver roman wilson returned to practice today news steelers-bengals week 18 game time set the steelers will host the cincinnati bengals on saturday, jan. 4 at 8 p.m. at acrisure stadium news harris to participate in the nfl's front office & gm accelerator program quentin harris will take part in the accelerator program, which serves as a platform for clubs and owners to engage with qualified front office and general manager candidates advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!