triple take: ranking the top wrs in the draft skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games labriola on asked and answered press releases game notes xtra points game recap opponents on press conference reaction steelers digest steelers en español advertising presented by triple take: ranking the top wrs in the draft mar 07, 2025 at 09:00 am copied! the triple take crew of dale lolley, matt williamson and mike prisuta take a look at the top prospects in the upcoming 2025 nfl draft, which will be held in april. today, they delve into the wide receiver position. the opinions expressed here are their own and not those of the pittsburgh steelers. dale's take we saw three wide receivers taken in the first nine picks of last year's draft and by the time the first round was complete, seven had been selected. this year's draft is not nearly that top-heavy. in fact, it's more deep than talented. while there will be good receivers to come out of this draft class, there aren't necessarily any that profile as future no. 1 performers for their respective teams. that being said, there could be some surprises, as we'll see good players at the position taken in rounds 3 and 4. the wildcard will be colorado's travis hunter. i, however, view him as a cornerback prospect who will play wide receiver as a secondary position. dale's rankings 1. tetairoa mcmillan, arizona, 6-4 1/8, 219 lbs. - a big receiver with good ball skills, mcmillan was extremely productive, posting over 80 catches and 1,300 yards in each of the past two seasons, winning as a size mismatch. will that translate to the nfl against bigger, more physically gifted receivers? we'll see. he has good run-after-the-catch ability but isn't necessarily a blazer. there's definitely a tantalizing skillset here. 2. matthew golden, texas, 5-11, 191 lbs. - a transfer from houston, golden took a backseat to teammate isaiah bond in the preseason prognostications. but by season's end, gold was the go-to player in the texas offense. gold works every level of the field well, is shifty and plays well through contact. gold averaged 17 yards per catch last season, showing off his big-play ability that showed up with his blazing 4.29 40-yard dash at the combine.. 3. luther burden, missouri, 6-0, 206 lbs. - burden looks like a deebo samuel clone, running through would-be tacklers with a running back-like skillset. missouri threw him a lot of screens and short stuff to take advantage of his outstanding run-after-the-catch ability, but he can make plays downfield, as well. but because of his usage, it might take some time for him to develop his route running more efficiently. 4. emeka ebuka, ohio state, 6-0 7/8, 202 lbs. - ebuka has been on the radar for quite some time at ohio state, which given the players the buckeyes have produced is quite admirable. he's primarily been a slot receiver, however, and will need to show he can win consistently on the outside. justin jefferson made that move. can egbuka, or is he a slot-only candidate? 5. jayden higgins, iowa state, 6-4 1/8, 214 lbs. - a big receiver with the ability to play inside or outside whose game is all about making adjustments. with a wingspan of a 6-7 player, higgins plucks the ball away from or over defensive backs. like mcmillan, he has prototypical size to help him overwhelm defensive backs. sleeper: jaylen royals, utah state, 6-0, 205 lbs. - after catching 71 passes for 1,000 yards and 15 touchdowns in 2023, royals played just seven games in 2024 before missing the rest of the season with an injury. but he had 55 catches for 834 yards and six scores in those seven games. he's not a burner, but he reads coverages well and finds the right spot against zone. his ability to leverage defenders is how he wins against man. royals isn't a burner, but he's a good football player. matt's take exceptional overall groups of wide receivers in the draft is something we have almost become accustomed to year after year. this class doesn't appear to be as strong but that also doesn't mean it is lacking in talent. first off, colorado's travis hunter is clearly by top wide receiver in this class, and he will be drafted very early. but i have decided to leave hunter off this list (and probably off my cornerback list as well) so we can have more names in the top five to discuss and compare. but hunter aside, it will be very interesting to see when the first pure wideout is selected this year. maybe it is as early as fourth overall to new england, but more likely, it might be a bit longer of a wait than we have usually seen. but the second day of the draft should provide the league with plenty of future starting wide receivers from the slot or as outside options - and plenty of players that can do both. also, it looks as though quite a few well-known veteran players at this position could be on the move this offseason and we have already seen deebo samuel traded from the 49ers to washington. expect a lot of wide receiver movement this year. matt's rankings 1. tetairoa mcmillan, arizona, 6-4 1/8, 219 lbs. - flat-out speed is somewhat of a question with mcmillan, who didn't run at the combine. but over the past two seasons he led the fbs in combined receiving yardage (2,721), first downs (112), and receptions of 20+ yards (42). mcmillan is a ball winner that works very well in tight spaces and uses his immense size greatly to his advantage. he adjusts very well to the football and can really go up and get it while also providing plenty of value after the catch. there are a lot of nfl touchdown receptions in mcmillan's future. 2. matthew golden, texas, 5-11, 191 lbs. - golden really took over as texas' top receiver this season. watching him on tape, his ability to stop and start and come out of his breaks really stood out. he changes his speeds well and can attack a defense at all levels. then golden goes to indianapolis and runs the best time of any wide receiver. golden is nipping on mcmillan's heals as the top player at this position. 3. luther burden iii, missouri, 6-0, 206 lbs. - watching burden's tape in 2023 vs. 2024 is very different - but it might not be his fault necessarily that he was way more productive two years ago. to be kind, burden's supporting cast this past season was very lackluster and therefore, missouri ran a very high percentage of wide receiver screens and quick hitters just to get the ball in the hands of the best player. burden is well built and excels after the catch, but there isn't a ton to go off as an all-around route runner. 4. emeka egbuka, ohio state, 6-0 7/8, 202 lbs. - egbuka has been in the spotlight for years now at a big-time college program and has played with a bevy of amazing wide receivers at ohio state - often as the second fiddle. he has the most catches in ohio state history and the second-most receiving yards. egbuka is a very reliable technician who does his best work in the slot, but certainly can align outside. he is a chain mover and should translate quickly to the league. 5. elic ayomanor, stanford, 6-1 3/4, 206 lbs.- this final spot came down to ayomanor or iowa state's jayden higgins-both of whom have excellent size for the position. ayomanor grew up in canada with a hockey background and he brings that rugged approach to the football field. the stanford offense really struggled this past season, but ayomanor was a clear bright spot and is one of the only receivers to get the better of hunter when stanford did battle with colorado. this is still somewhat of a raw prospect, but ayomanor's combine showing was very promising. sleeper: dont'e thornton jr., tennessee, 6-4 5/8, 205 lbs. - big and very fast. that is a great place to start with a downfield receiver, which is exactly what thornton is. he ran a 4.30/40 at the combine. only golden was faster. but as is the case with many tennessee players, thornton was used heavily in a rotation - and the volunteers offense is not an easy one to transition to into the nfl. and thornton did not run an extensive route tree at college. but he does show physicality through his route and an ability to beat man coverage. thornton averaged 21.9 yards per catch at tennessee. mike's take the talent pool at wide receiver is such that it's easy to come up with a top 5 at the position, one that includes four or five potential first-round selections, and still have a dozen or so names left over that absolutely intrigue, for one reason or another. if your team needs one would you be disappointed if the name on the card when the time comes to go get one winds up being jack bech of tcu? or, jayden higgins of iowa state? or, tre harris of mississippi? there are traditionally plenty of wide receivers available, and this year is no exception. maybe not as many as there have been in past years, but enough. it all depends on what you're looking for and when. but they're out there, waiting to be taken. mike's rankings 1. travis hunter, colorado, 6-0, 188 lbs. - hunter caught 96 passes for 1,258 yards and 15 touchdowns while also playing cornerback. he'll most likely have to play one position or the other in the nfl, but he can play both at a high level. and, just maybe, dabble as a two-way player if a certain set of circumstances dictates. it's good to have options. 2. emeka egbuka, ohio state, 6-0 7/8, 202 lbs. - there has seemingly been an endless progression of wide receivers from ohio state to the nfl in recent seasons. egbuka is next in line. beyond the numbers he is reportedly perceived in the scouting community as a player who will be a captain at the nfl level "very quickly." his game is polished and he blocks. 3. tetairoa mcmillan, arizona, 6-4 1/8, 219 lbs. - he can score from distance and he can score in the red zone (26 career touchdown receptions in 37 career games at arizona). he plays with the physicality his size suggests and his 213 career receptions include many of the acrobatic variety, including a few that defy description if not gravity. 4. matthew golden, texas, 5-11, 191 lbs. - golden is more than a player capable of covering 40 yards in 4.29 seconds, but any analysis of his potential and projected impact at the next level has to start there. he had a breakout 2024 season in texas (58 receptions, 987 yards, a 17.0-yard average per catch and nine touchdowns) after two statistically average campaigns with houston (a combined 988 receiving yards). golden may be just getting started. 5. luther burden iii, missouri, 6-0, 206 lbs. - burden ran a 4.41 40-yard dash at the nfl scouting combine in indianapolis. that isn't "golden fast" but it's fast enough for burden to excel as a run-after-the-catch wide receiver and as one who is capable of taking the top off of a defense. sleeper: savion williams, tcu, 6-4, 222 lbs. - he won't sleep long and he won't hit snooze. not with the "wildcat qb" component williams will bring to his eventual nfl team. williams caught  60 passes for 611 yards and six touchdowns in 2024. he also carried 51 times for 322 yards and six more scores. his nfl comparison in the eyes of some is cordarrelle patterson. are you not entertained? related content news triple take: ranking the top 2025 rbs in the draft ashton jeanty headlines what appears to be a deep and talented class of running backs news triple take: ranking the top 2025 qbs in the draft top quarterback not disputed, but there are disagreements over no. 2 advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!