5 for friday: can steelers improve more than rest of division? skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games labriola on asked and answered press releases game notes xtra points game recap opponents on press conference reaction steelers digest steelers en español advertising 5 for friday: can steelers improve more than rest of division? mar 07, 2025 at 08:00 am dale lolley contributing writer/editor copied! in the past two offseasons, the opening days of free agency has brought the steelers the likes of linebacker patrick queen, safety deshon elliott, linebacker elandon roberts, guard isaac seumalo and quarterbacks russell wilson and justin fields – though fields was acquired via a trade – among others. they've been aggressive in filling their needs – particularly aggressive considering their past. thing is, the steelers have been that aggressive in free agency the past couple of seasons because they had the available salary cap space. and this year, according to numbers released by the nfl earlier this week, the steelers enter free agency – which begins with the legal tampering period monday and officially kicks into full gear wednesday – with the seventh-most available cap space, nearly $60 million, among all 32 teams. so, while all teams got a bump last week in cap space when the league informed teams what the 2025 salary cap would be, the steelers didn't need to necessarily concern themselves with the actual cap. they already knew they would be under. as we've already seen this week, a number of teams across the league are not. players are getting released left and right by teams working to become cap compliant. contracts are being adjusted, which is great for the player, who gets a big check instead of having to wait for it. but the team owner has to write that big check as opposed to paying it out over the course of the season. and it also simply pushes the player's future cap hit higher, which the browns have done several times to their own detriment with quarterback deshaun watson – something the browns did again this week in an effort to get under the 2025 salary cap. at some point, the bill comes due. per overthecap.com, which tracks such things, the steelers currently have the least amount of "dead money," cap space paid out to players no longer on the roster, of any team in the nfl entering the 2025 season at less than $50,000. on the opposite end of that spectrum is san francisco, which has nearly $66 million in dead money counting against its cap and you see the difference. the steelers currently have freedom to improve their roster that few other teams in the nfl possess. and they've largely mined free agency well, signing outside free agents to shorter-term contracts that don't hamstring the franchise in future years, while also getting players who have contributed in big ways. they haven't all been hits, but nobody bats 1.000 in free agency or the draft for that matter. but with what look to be very solid drafts in back-to-back seasons, the team has set itself up for continued improvement in 2025. even at positions where they might lose someone in free agency this offseason have been addressed in the draft in the past couple of years. there are young players waiting in the wings as replacements. baltimore can't say the same in regard to offensive linemen ronnie stanley and patrick mekari, both of whom are among the team's players slated to hit unrestricted free agency next week. and the ravens, as of thursday night, only had $12 million in available cap space. cincinnati has more with $52 million, but a large portion of that will be eaten up when wide receiver tee higgins' franchise tag goes on the books. and there's also a ja'marr chase extension looming. add to that the team agreed to allow defensive end trey hendrickson to seek a trade on thursday, and it wouldn't be surprising to see the rest of the division take a step back in 2025. the steelers, meanwhile, figure to improve. • steelers fans should be cheering for the likes of dan moore, james daniels, najee harris and others to get big contracts elsewhere if and when they're not re-signed by the steelers. with some of those players – and potentially at least one quarterback – likely to sign elsewhere, the steelers can play the compensatory pick game this offseason if they work things well. that's where players who have been released since the end of the season can come into play. because of the rules involved with compensatory picks, players who are released by another team and signed by a new one don't count against the signing team's compensatory formula. players whose contracts expired with their old team do. so, if weighing play a, whose contract has expired and is a true free agent, versus player b, who was released by his former team, player b just might have a little more value to a team that is in line to lose to players who should be starters elsewhere. they very well could net the team that loses them a compensatory pick or two. and the bigger the contract signed by the team that loses the free agent without making subsequent forays into free agency, the better. so don't hate on, for example, moore getting a big deal elsewhere. it's both good for him and also might be good for the steelers, especially now that compensatory picks can be traded. • since the loss of ryan shazier to a career-ending injury at the end of the 2017 season, the steelers have headed into the offseason every year in search of potential replacements for the pro bowl linebacker. they have run through the likes of jon bostic, morgan burnett, devin bush, marcus allen, avery williamson, robert spillane, joe schobert and miles jack, among others, in an attempt to replicate the production or flexibility that shazier gave them. in queen and payton wilson, a third-round draft pick last year, they finally seem to have finally gotten it right. add to that the fact that cole holcomb, who appeared as if he might be an answer two years ago before suffering a season-ending injury, will be back in 2025, and the steelers seem to be reasonably set at the position. in fact, this will be the first offseason since shazier suffered his tragic injury that the steelers won't head into the offseason searching for answers at inside linebacker. they tried free agency. they tried the draft. but seldom did they do both. last year, they did both, and it finally worked out. • dale lolley is co-host of "snr drive" on steelers nation radio. subscribe to the podcast here: apple podcast | iheart podcast pittonline@iheartmedia.com • it's mock draft season, especially now that the nfl scouting combine has been completed. but remember that the mock drafts you see now become completely moot over the next couple of weeks. for example, earlier this week, chicago made pre-free agency trades to acquire veteran guards jonah jackson from the rams and joe thuney from the chiefs. pretty much every mock draft that has become available in the days, weeks and months leading up to those acquisitions had the bears taking an offensive lineman with their pick in the first round. chicago could still do that, but it's more likely the bears just opened up their draft board to any number of possibilities by adding two veteran players to their line. that's what will be happening across the league over the next few weeks. teams with major needs will fill them in free agency, shuffling the way the draft may fall. • one other thing to keep in mind as we get closer to the draft is that just because this web site or that website has a certain player ranked somewhere doesn't mean that's how nfl teams view him. at this point, no player is rising up or down on the draft boards of actual nfl teams – at least not ones that know what they're doing. the only "boards" on which players are making massive moves are the ones of the draft analysts who are late to the party or don't have the same amount of information available to them that teams do. and in this year's draft, which isn't deep at the top of the first round in terms of having sure first-round picks, there's a good chance we'll see some players go in the first round that were unexpected by the analysts as well as some "first-round talents" that fall into day 2. once you get past the first 10 or so picks this year, the next 50 to 60 players will have similar grades. and beauty and need will be in the eye of the beholder. related content news 5 for friday: steelers hope qb first piece of the puzzle with free agency looming, steelers want to be settled at most important position news 5 for friday: get ready for the nfl combine nfl offseason begins to heat up next week news 5 for friday: steelers count on improvement from young ol the steelers have selected five offensive linemen in the past two drafts news 5 for friday: focus turns to defensive line steelers have rebuilt their offensive line and now could turn to the defensive side news 5 for friday: senior bowl begins the offseason process steelers head coach mike tomlin takes a hands-on approach in mobile news 5 for friday: figuring out qb an important first step knowing who will be under center is important, but so is continuing to build the roster news 5 for friday: history could be on side of steelers steelers are 10-2 in division postseason rematches news 5 for friday: boswell has had remarkable season steelers placekicker has shattered several team records in 2024 news 5 for friday: turnover culture matters steelers need to get back to taking advantage of opponent's mistakes news 5 for friday: steelers don't take success against jackson lightly key to beating the ravens might be steelers' four-man pass rush news 5 for friday: frazier, mccormick foundation building block(ers) rookie offensive linemen gaining experience as steelers continue to win advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!