baking with beanie skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games labriola on asked and answered press releases game notes xtra points game recap opponents on press conference reaction steelers digest steelers en español advertising baking with beanie mar 07, 2025 at 07:00 am teresa varley steelers.com copied! if you have checked out beanie bishop's instagram story as of late, there is something you might have noticed. he has expanded on a hobby that originally piqued his interest when he was in college, and has since grown to something that brings relaxation and an escape from the grind of the nfl. baking. bishop picked up baking when he was attending western kentucky, baking cakes for himself and others to enjoy. but being a college student, there wasn't always time to get into it as much as he would have liked. "i got away from it," admitted bishop. "just really didn't have the time for it." until now, that is. with more time on his hands, bishop went back to baking this season, even posting an image of a kitchen aid professional 600 mixer he purchased to help with 'bakin with beans.' "it's just trying to find ways to get away from football," said bishop. "i wanted to find something else to do. i got into baking and cooking and things like that." bishop has been doing his homework too. in addition to doing research before he purchased the mixer, he also researches recipes and isn't afraid to find ways to do things better. "i find stuff online, for sure," said bishop. "i might come across some i saved from a while back, from a long time ago. and i'm like, 'man, i've got to try this one day.' i've been having the time and the resources to be able to do that now." baking is a stress reliever for bishop, but there is also that little bit of stress he feels as he is always striving for perfection, especially when he brings some of his baked goods to the locker room for his teammates to be taste testers. "it's a lot of fun for me, it's an escape," said bishop. "but it can be stressful too. it's a different stress. i feel like you stress in every situation, whether it is good or bad stress. "this is different. i don't have to think about different things or somebody trying to attack me in a different way, as far as football terms and stuff like that. but it's just making sure of the consistency of the recipe and what i make and that everything is just right for it to come out good. you've got to make sure that you follow the steps because if you don't follow them, something's going to be wrong." so far, bishop seems to have it all down pat, and the reviews have been good. "i usually bring the treats to the practice facility if i've got a lot leftover and stuff like that," said bishop. "people have said it's good, so that's a good sign." related content news top 2024 moments: shootout in cincinnati steelers offense produced in a big way in a win over the explosive bengals news top 2024 moments: williams' first catch a big one mike williams' first catch with steelers a game-winner against commanders news top 2024 moments: two for the show late-game heroics on two-point stop of ravens began pre-snap news top 2024 moments: watt closes out the giants t.j. watt delivered in prime time, helping put away giants in crunch time news top 2024 moments: steelers hold multiple block parties steelers' signature culture consistently showed up in the kicking game news top 2024 moments: defense pitches a second-half shutout steelers allow minus-5 yards in second half against chargers news top 2024 moments: the wizard of boz boswell kicks six field goals in season-opening win at atlanta news looking ahead at steelers' 2025 schedule steelers' 2025 slate includes seven teams that were in the 2024 postseason news watt: 'i want to be a pittsburgh steeler' t.j. watt wants to help the steelers get to the next level news ready to get over the next hurdle pat freiermuth has confidence the steelers have what it takes to get to the ultimate goal news heyward is 'the heartbeat' cameron heyward has been described as 'the heartbeat' by one of his teammates advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!