steelers in ireland | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games steelers in ireland | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com steelers nation, pack your bags – we're taking the black & gold to the emerald isle! for the first time ever, the nfl will play a 2025 regular season game at croke park in dublin, ireland, with the steelers as the home team. additional details, including opponent, date and time will be announced as part of the full nfl schedule release this spring. grab your terrible towels, and we'll see you in ireland! learn more join the waitlist steelers roots in ireland the pittsburgh steelers will play their first ever regular season game at croke park in dublin in 2025, as part of expanding their footprint into ireland. the steelers and ireland have a deep-rooted connection. read more >>> the rooney family emigrated from the town of newry in northern ireland to the united states in the 19th century, where the family ultimately settled in pittsburgh, pennsylvania. dan rooney joined forces with pittsburgh businessman anthony j.f. o'reilly to create the ireland fund in 1976, which merged with the american irish foundation to create the american ireland funds, a leading charitable organization benefiting ireland. dan rooney's love of ireland also fueled a passion to bring an nfl game to ireland, a that dream became a reality when the steelers took on the chicago bears in a preseason game in 1997 at croke park. dan rooney was asked to serve as united states ambassador to ireland by president barack obama, a role he cherished from 2009-2012. while in ireland serving as ambassador, rooney visited all 32 counties on the island, meeting with politicians, media, business leaders and citizens. the pittsburgh steelers were awarded rights to expand their brand and activities for the republic of ireland & northern ireland, as part of the nfl's 'global markets program', on may 23, 2023. the pittsburgh steelers hosted their first-ever watch party at croke park in dublin, ireland, during week 11 against the cleveland browns, on sunday, nov. 19, 2023. croke park croke park is one of the largest stadiums in europe, with a capacity of 82,300 and can accommodate all types of events - from field sports to concerts, meetings to tradeshows and bespoke banqueting, even the pittsburgh steelers preseason game in 1997 and now a regular season game in 2025. learn more official steelers ireland packages want to be part of the action? priority access is currently sold out. be sure to sign up to join the waitlist and be notified of future deposit and package offerings. packages can include premium seat locations, fan parties, guided tours of ireland's iconic landmarks, and roundtrip airfare with accommodations.​ join the waitlist content & coverage audio nfl uk & ireland gm henry hodgson on dublin preparations michael is joined this week by nfl uk & ireland general manager henry hodgson on the steps to a steelers dublin game and his thoughts on the landmark moment for the team. audio steelers international fan of the year tom mccormack stops by if you are a steelers fan across the island of ireland - you will know tom mccormack. the dublin man was named the first ever international fan of the year for the steelers from ireland this week. he stops by and chats to michael about the accolade. news luck of the irish is with mccormack tom mccormack from dublin, ireland is the steelers 2024 international fan of the year video watch: mccormack named '24 steelers ifoy lifelong steelers fan tom mccormack of dublin, ireland has been named the team's 2024 international fan of the year audio voice of the steelers rob king on steelers dublin game we are only a week away from the 2025 nfl combine! this week, michael is joined by the voice of the steelers rob king, who handles play-by-play duties on the steelers game broadcasts. rob returns to the podcast to talk about the season that was, his urge to visit ireland - and the exciting news that the steelers will play in ireland later this year. news view from the island: the steelers are coming to town michael mcquaid, host of 'the irish steelers podcast,  reports the fan view on the island of ireland after friday's historic news. news steelers to play in nfl's first regular season game in ireland in '25 historic game to be played in dublin's iconic croke park news croke park: 'more than just a sports venue' croke park has hosted thousands of the country's most famous sporting events audio steelers to play in croke park this autumn the steelers will play a regular season game in ireland in 2025, it was announced on friday. michael reacts to the historic news with steelers director of business development & strategy dan rooney and croke park stadium director peter mckenna. more irish content frequently asked questions game in ireland how does the nfl select a team to play in an international game and why were the steelers selected? starting in 2025, the nfl has the right to schedule up to 8 regular season international games per season. up to 4 teams from the conference hosting a ninth regular season home game are now designated to play a neutral-site international game each year. in 2025, afc teams will have a ninth home game on their schedule. teams are selected based on the league's rotational system, which considers conference scheduling and teams that have global market program rights in specific markets. the nfl has earmarked dublin as a new international game market for 2025 and strategically selected the steelers to play in the game as the designated team. as part of the global markets program the steelers have been awarded marketing rights on the island of ireland because of steelers' ownership family's deep roots there. what is the nfl’s strategy behind hosting international games? global growth is a major strategic priority for the league and 32 teams. playing games outside the united states and expanding the league's global footprint is a key part of that strategy. the league's international games take american football to new fans and communities around the world. has the nfl ever played a regular season game in ireland? no, this will be the first time the nfl hosts a regular season home game in ireland. the steelers played the chicago bears in a preseason game at dublin's croke park in 1997, still the only nfl game ever played there. how does this affect the number of home games the steelers play this season? the steelers will host 8 regular-season home games and 1 preseason home game at acrisure stadium in 2025. as this is a year in which afc teams have a ninth regular season home game, the dublin game will see the steelers' designated to play the ninth game in dublin in 2025. when will the visiting team and date for the game be announced? the opponent, game date, and additional game details will be confirmed by the nfl this spring. will there be fan events or activities in dublin? the steelers and the nfl will host fan activities in dublin leading up to the game. more information on these details will be released later this year. we encourage you to sign up for steelers emails and to follow the steelers social media platforms for information and updates on the events that the steelers will host in ireland. fans interested in hearing more about news relating to the game and other nfl events that will take place in dublin can sign up for information at www.nfl.com/dublin . ticketing when will tickets go on sale for the 2025 nfl dublin game? general admission tickets will go on sale later this year after the announcement of the game date and opponent for the steelers – the date and time for this sale are tbd at this time. how can i purchase tickets for the dublin game? while priority access is currently sold out, fans interested in purchasing tickets for the 2025 dublin game can join the wait list via on location , the nfl's official hospitality partner. click here to learn more. an allotment of tickets has also been designated exclusively for purchase by season ticket holders and will be offered via lottery. season ticket holders interested in enrolling in this exclusive ticket lottery can sign up via their steelers account manager. deadline to enter is april 1, 2025. are there ticket packages that include travel accommodations? travel packages, including flights, hotel stays, and game tickets, are currently sold out but fans can join the wait list via on location , the nfl's official hospitality partner. click here and then click the "join the waitlist" button in the "official steelers travel packages" section. are there any restrictions or special rules for fans attending the game in another country? fans are encouraged to review local regulations, including stadium policies and travel requirements, before attending. specific guidelines will be shared by the nfl closer to the game. what time will the game air in the u.s., and how can i watch it? the game will be broadcast live, with kick-off times adjusted for u.s. time zones. details on the broadcast schedule will be shared with the league's schedule announcement later this spring. i’m a season ticket holder; does this affect my season ticket package? your season ticket package will consist of 9 home games played at acrisure stadium, including 1 preseason and 8 regular season games. in 2021, the nfl expanded the regular season to 17 games, resulting in an alternating home game schedule of 8 or 9 regular season home games. this also includes a requirement that teams play at least 1 international game on a rotating basis, of which the steelers were designated to play this season. season ticket holders with additional questions are encouraged to visit their steelers account manager or contact us. season ticket holders interested in attending the dublin game are encouraged to visit their steelers account manager for more information, including details on how to enroll in an exclusive season ticket holder ticket lottery. about the steelers, ireland & the nfl's 'global markets program' what is the nfl’s ‘global markets program’? the 'global markets program', which launched in january 2022 as the international home marketing areas (ihma), grants nfl clubs access to international markets for marketing, fan engagement and commercialization activations as part of an important, long-term strategic effort to enable clubs to build their brands globally while driving nfl fan growth beyond the us. nfl clubs can apply for rights to selected international markets by submitting proposals for the international committee to review each spring. clubs are awarded rights for at least a five-year term through the program. during this period, a club has the rights to pursue activities in that international market that are consistent with what they can do in their home market. why did the steelers apply for a ‘global markets programs’ license in ireland? there are a number of reasons why the steelers decided to make this initiative across the island of ireland a priority. the rooney family emigrated from ireland in the 1840s and their irish roots have remained important to them. current steelers president art rooney ii became the first member of the rooney family to visit northern ireland since the family emigrated in 1840 when he visited there in the early 1970s. former steelers chairman dan rooney and his wife, patricia, spent a great deal of their time giving back to ireland and worked hard to help make it a better place, whether that be through establishing the ireland funds or his work as the u.s. ambassador to ireland. he also drove the decision to play an nfl game in ireland in 1997. mrs. patricia rooney, whose family emigrated from county mayo in the 1920s, was a guiding force in the establishment of the rooney prize for irish literature. when the nfl created the opportunity for all teams to become active in international markets, ireland was on the team's short list. this license will enable the steelers to bring back some of the traditions and initiatives instituted by dan rooney, as well as to bring some new ones forward. what does this mean for ireland? the nfl's 'global markets program' allows the steelers to be active across the island of ireland. over the coming year, the steelers plan to re-launch an initiative started by dan rooney years ago, flag football. flag is a part of the team's overall international strategy and is easy to play for young people of all ages. the steelers also plan to enact other events, including watch parties and other football education experiences. the team is roughly two years into its nfl's 'global markets program' in mexico, and in that time, has held several in-market draft celebrations, a kicking clinic for both professional football players as well as young people, a pair of youth flag events, a large-scale watch party in mexico city, as well as a business summit with members of the business community. we'll look to bring similar initiatives to ireland; and plan to be thoughtful and intentional about how they are introduced. will the steelers bring players to ireland? the steelers plan is to host events and activities in ireland that will engage fans and current and former players are a part of that strategy. the irish steelers podcast the official pittsburgh steelers irish podcast – emanating from the island of ireland. subscribe: apple podcast subscribe: spotify podcast club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!