steelers player sound video archive | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games video home media programming highlights interviews the standard a steelers story sights & sounds the extra point the match up the playbook press conferences #herewego 1-on-1 call of the game traditions community nfl network interviews interviews presented by watch: watt, fautanu media availability t.j. watt and troy fautanu spoke to the media on monday, january 13 more interviews watch: wilson, freiermuth media availability (january 13) russell wilson and pat freiermuth spoke to the media january 13 watch: watt, elliott, harris, porter jr., anderson media availability (january 9) t.j. watt, deshon elliott, najee harris, joey porter jr. and spencer anderson spoke to the media following practice january 9 watch: wilson media availability (jan. 8) russell wilson spoke to the media on wednesday, january 8th watch: queen and austin media availability (jan. 8) patrick queen and calvin austin iii spoke to the media on wednesday, january 8th watch: jackson, jones, mccormick, fields, bishop media availability (january 7) donte jackson, broderick jones, mason mccormick, justin fields, beanie bishop jr. spoke to the media following practice january 7 watch: fitzpatrick, porter, jackson media availability (jan. 2) minkah fitzpatrick, joey porter jr. and donte jackson spoke to the media on thursday, january 2nd watch: wilson, elliott media availability (jan. 1) russell wilson and deshon elliott spoke to the media on wednesday, january 1st watch: heyward, roberts, holcomb, and lee media availability (dec. 31) cameron heyward, elandon roberts, cole holcomb, and logan lee spoke to the media on tuesday, december 31st watch: highsmith media availability (dec. 30) alex highsmith spoke to the media on monday, december 30th watch: wilson media availability (december 23) russell wilson spoke to the media following practice december 23 watch: heyward, queen, jackson media availability (december 23) cameron heyward, patrick queen, donte jackson spoke to the media december 23 watch: watt, highsmith media availability (december 19) t.j. watt and alex highsmith spoke to the media following practice december 19 watch: wilson media availability (dec. 18) russell wilson spoke to the media on wednesday, december 18th watch: harris, freiermuth, heyward, pierre media availability (dec. 18) najee harris, pat freiermuth, connor heyward, and james pierre spoke to the media on wednesday, dec. 18th watch: heyward, queen, bishop, wilson media availability (dec. 17) cameron heyward, patrick queen, beanie bishop jr. and payton wilson speak to the media on tuesday, december 17 watch: watt, fitzpatrick media availability (dec. 13) t.j. watt and minkah fitzpatrick spoke to the media on friday, december 13th watch: wilson media availability (dec. 12) russell wilson spoke to the media on thursday, december 12 watch: freiermuth, queen, roberts, austin and williams media availability (dec. 11) pat freiermuth, patrick queen, elandon roberts, calvin austin iii, and mike williams spoke to the media on wednesday, december 11th watch: watt, austin and moore media availability (dec. 6) t.j. watt, calvin austin iii and dan moore jr. spoke to the media on friday, december 6th watch: wilson, jackson media availability (dec. 5) russel wilson and donte jackson spoke to the media on thursday december 5th watch: heyward, roberts, porter, highsmith, jefferson, and mccormick media availability (dec. 4) cameron heyward, elandon roberts, joey porter jr., alex highsmith, van jefferson, and mason mccormick spoke to the media on wednesday, december 4th watch: watt media availability november 29 t.j. watt spoke to the media following practice november 29 watch: heyward, jackson media availability (nov. 27) cameron heyward and donte jackson spoke to the media following practice on wednesday, november 27 watch: wilson media availability (nov. 27) russell wilson spoke to the media following practice on wednesday, november 27 watch: highsmith and austin media availability (nov. 26) alex highsmith and calvin austin iii spoke to the media on tuesday, november 26th watch: wilson media availability (november 19) russell wilson speaks to the media following practice november 19 watch: wilson media availability (nov. 14) russell wilson spoke to the media on thursday, november 14th watch: heyward and harris media availability (nov. 14) cameron heyward and najee harris spoke to the media on thursday, november 14th watch: queen, williams, smith, moon media availability (november 13) patrick queen, mike williams, preston smith, and jeremiah moon speak to the media following practice november 13 watch: watt, pickens, jackson media availability (nov. 8) t.j. watt, george pickens, and donte jackson spoke to the media on friday, november 8th watch: wilson media availability (nov. 7) russell wilson spoke to the media on thursday, november 7th watch: heyward, harris media availability (nov. 7) cameron heyward and najee harris spoke to the media on thursday, november 7th watch: freiermuth, roberts, frazier media availability (november 6) pat freiermuth, elandon roberts, and zach frazier speak to the media following practice november 6 watch: smith, williams media availability (november 6) preston smith and mike williams speak to the media following their first practice november 6 watch: porter jr., bishop, queen, and sutton media availability joey porter jr., beanie bishop jr., patrick queen, and cameron sutton spoke to the media on monday, november 4th watch: defensive coaches media availability teryl austin, aaron curry, karl dunbar, and denzel martin spoke to the media watch: offensive coaches media availability tom arth, zach azzanni, eddie faulkner, pat meyer, and alfredo roberts spoke to the media watch: highsmith, jackson, herbig media availability alex highsmith, donte jackson, and nick herbig spoke to the media on wednesday, october 30th watch: danny smith media availability special teams coordinator danny smith spoke to the media on wednesday, october 30th watch: watt media availability t.j. watt spoke to the media following practice on saturday, october 26th watch: pickens, jefferson, washington media availability (october 25) george pickens, van jefferson and darnell washington speak to the media following practice october 25 watch: wilson media availability (oct. 24) russell wilson speaks to the media following practice october 24 watch: heyward, harris media availability (october 24) cameron heyward and najee harris speak to the media following practice october 24 watch: player media availability (oct. 23) pat freiermuth, alex highsmith, elandon roberts, donte jackson, payton wilson, patrick queen, and beanie bishop jr. speak to the media following practice october 23 watt, jones media availability (october 18) t.j. watt and broderick jones speak to the media following practice october 18 heyward, harris media availability (october 17) cameron heyward and najee harris speak to the media following practice october 17 watch: wilson, fields media availability (october 17) russell wilson and justin fields speak to the media following practice october 17. watch: moore, wilson, mccollum media availability dan moore jr., roman wilson and ryan mccollum spoke to the media on wednesday, october 16th watch: watt, jones media availability (oct. 11) t.j. watt and broderick jones speak to the media following practice on october 11 watch: fields, wilson, heyward media availability justin fields, russell wilson, and cameron heyward spoke to the media on thursday, october 10th watch: jackson, wilson, moon media availability (oct. 9) donte jackson, payton wilson, and jeremiah moon speak to the media following practice on october 9 watch: watt,seumalo,washington media availabilty t.j. watt, isaac seumalo, and darnell washington speak to the media following practice on october 4 watch: fields and wilson media availability justin fields and russell wilson spoke to the media on thursday, october 3rd watch: heyward and harris media availability cameron heyward and najee harris spoke to the media on thursday, october 3rd watch: anderson, jackson media availability (sept. 30) spencer anderson and donte jackson speak to the media on september 30 watch: watt, mccormick, patterson media availability (sept. 27) tj watt, mason mccormick and cordarrelle patterson spoke to the media on friday, september 27 watch: fields, heyward, harris media availability (sept. 26) justin fields, cam heyward, and najee harris spoke to the media on thursday, sept. 26 watch: offense media availability (sept. 25) george pickens, darnell washington, mason mccormick, and roman wilson speak to the media following practice on september 25 watch: jones and killebrew media availability broderick jones and miles killebrew speak to the media on monday, september 23 watch: watt, anderson media availability t.j. watt and spencer anderson speak to the media following practice september 20 load more club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!