photos: karl's top pics of 2024 - top 10 skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games photos home game action practice pregame karl's top pics best of monochrome travel arrival history community steelers nation unite archive advertising presented by photos: karl's top pics of 2024 - top 10 steelers senior manager of photography karl roser shares his 10 best photos from the 2024 season copied! 1 / 10 pittsburgh steelers wide receiver van jefferson (11) celebrates a reception gaining big yardage during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the cincinnati bengals, sunday, dec. 1, 2024 in cincinnati, oh. the steelers defeated the bengals 44-38. for this part of the offensive drive, i positioned myself in the interior of the end zone with my 600mm f.4 lens. i was rewarded with a great angle of the catch, run, and celebration after. (karl roser / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon d6 lens (mm): 600 iso: 2000 aperture: 4 shutter: 1/1600 karl roser/pittsburgh steelers 2 / 10 pittsburgh steelers defensive end demarvin leal (98) sits at his locker prior to a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the los angeles chargers, sunday, sept. 22, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the chargers 20-10. not everything in sports is peak action. even the subtle moments in the locker room help tell the story. although leal wiped his face off, the sweat continued to pour down following his pregame warmup. (karl roser / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z 9 lens (mm): 85 iso: 1600 aperture: 1.4 shutter: 1/250 karl roser/pittsburgh steelers 3 / 10 pittsburgh steelers tight end pat freiermuth (88) makes a one-handed catch during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the new york jets, sunday, oct. 20, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the jets 37-15. you can see freiermuth's eye looking right at the ball as he pulls it in with only one hand. this was just the right moment in the right position. (karl roser / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z 9 lens (mm): 400 iso: 2500 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/1600 karl roser/pittsburgh steelers 4 / 10 pittsburgh steelers linebacker t.j. watt (90) and the linebackers huddle up prior to a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the cleveland browns, thursday, nov. 21, 2024 in cleveland, oh. the browns defeated the steelers 24-19. i always enjoy the small details in a photograph. this is a familiar moment i capture almost every game, but it is unique because of the snowy night time sky. the snowflakes almost look like stars brightly shining above. (karl roser / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z 9 lens (mm): 14 iso: 2000 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/1250 karl roser/pittsburgh steelers 5 / 10 pittsburgh steelers quarterback russell wilson (3) warms up on the sideline prior to a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the cleveland browns, thursday, nov. 21, 2024 in cleveland, oh. the browns defeated the steelers 24-19. during the browns introductions the stadium lights are turned off. this creates some great opportunities for dramatic lighting. it just happened that the spotlight for the browns players spilled over and onto russell wilson's face as he was warming up. i was looking and waiting for this moment to present itself. (karl roser / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z 9 lens (mm): 200 iso: 16000 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/500 karl roser/pittsburgh steelers 6 / 10 pittsburgh steelers cornerback beanie bishop jr. (31) intercepts a pass during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the new york jets, sunday, oct. 20, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the jets 37-15. i enjoy the story telling of this action photo. as bishop is running with the ball, porter holds his finger up in celebration while on top of the intended receiver. you can even see the blue flag in the top left of the frame thrown by the referee indicating that there has been a turnover of possession. (karl roser / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z 9 lens (mm): 400 iso: 2500 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/1600 karl roser/pittsburgh steelers 7 / 10 pittsburgh steelers head coach mike tomlin watches his players from the sideline through heavy snow fall during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the cleveland browns, thursday, nov. 21, 2024 in cleveland, oh. the browns defeated the steelers 24-19. when it snows as heavily as it did during this game, it is hard to see what is happening with your own eye, let alone looking through a view finder of your camera. i was moving as close to coach tomlin as i could to ensure i would hit my focus and isolate him against the clean background of falling snow. i love that the snow has built up on his beard and hat and that hopefully helps to tell part of the story from that day. (karl roser / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z 9 lens (mm): 400 iso: 2000 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/1600 karl roser/pittsburgh steelers 8 / 10 pittsburgh steelers defensive tackle isaiahh loudermilk (92) and pittsburgh steelers linebacker patrick queen (6) tackle cleveland browns running back nick chubb (24) during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the cleveland browns, thursday, nov. 21, 2024 in cleveland, oh. the browns defeated the steelers 24-19. i'm often asked, what is my favorite stadium in the nfl? my answer is, i don't have a specific favorite, but what i like about stadiums in general are the ones that are open to the elements. having weather as a factor is a challenge that i love to embrace. it gives the opportunity to create photographs that are more unique than the same old indoor light. to me, football is gritty, and messy. when you add the element of weather in football it amplifies that. i love the layers, colors and composition in this frame. it reminds me of a jackson pollock painting, "convergence." (karl roser / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z 9 lens (mm): 400 iso: 2000 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/1600 karl roser/pittsburgh steelers 9 / 10 pittsburgh steelers linebacker t.j. watt (90) strip sacks atlanta falcons quarterback kirk cousins (18) during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the atlanta falcons, sunday, sept. 8, 2024 in atlanta, ga. the steelers defeated the falcons 18-10. i was not expecting to capture faces of both cousins and watt when photographing the quarterback's blindside. cousin's arm is fully extended as though he is completing a pass but the ball is suspended in mid-air as watt knocks it out of his hand. (karl roser / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z 9 lens (mm): 400 iso: 2000 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/1250 karl roser/pittsburgh steelers 10 / 10 pittsburgh steelers wide receiver george pickens (14) catches a pass for a touchdown during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the washington commanders, sunday, nov. 10, 2024 in landover, md. the steelers defeated the commanders 28-27. as i watched the play unfold through the viewfinder of my 400mm, i quickly switched to my 70-200mm mid throw, to photograph pickens' incredible reception right in front of me. (karl roser / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z 9 lens (mm): 74 iso: 400 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/2000 karl roser/pittsburgh steelers advertising this ad will close in 3 advertising related gallery photos: taylor's top pics of 2024 - top 10 steelers photographer taylor ollason shares her 10 best photos from the 2024 season gallery photos: alysa's top pics of 2024 - top 10 steelers photography associate alysa rubin shares her 10 best photos from the 2024 season gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at ravens take a look at karl's best photos from the wild card matchup against the baltimore ravens gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers vs bengals take a look at karl's best photos from the week 18 matchup against the cincinnati bengals gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at ravens take a look at karl's best photos from the week 16 matchup against the baltimore ravens gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at eagles take a look at karl's best photos from the week 15 matchup against the philadelphia eagles gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers vs browns take a look at karl's best photos from the week 14 matchup against the cleveland browns gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at bengals take a look at karl's best photos from the week 13 matchup against the cincinnati bengals gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at browns take a look at karl's best photos from the week 12 matchup against the cleveland browns gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers vs ravens take a look at karl's best photos from the week 11 matchup against the baltimore ravens gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at commanders take a look at karl's best photos from the week 10 matchup against the washington commanders gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers vs giants take a look at karl's best photos from the week 8 matchup against the new york giants advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!