photos: taylor's top pics of 2024 - top 10 skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games photos home game action practice pregame karl's top pics best of monochrome travel arrival history community steelers nation unite archive advertising presented by photos: taylor's top pics of 2024 - top 10 steelers photographer taylor ollason shares her 10 best photos from the 2024 season copied! 1 / 10 pittsburgh steelers linebacker t.j. watt (90) prior to a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the baltimore ravens, sunday, nov. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the ravens 18-16. the flyover is a crowd favorite because it happens only once a season. even the team enjoys it because after i got this shot, i heard a player behind me say "that is so dope!" (taylor ollason / pittsburgh steelers) model: z8 lens (mm): 24mm iso: 320 aperture:2.8  shutter: 1/6400 taylor ollason/pittsburgh steelers 2 / 10 the team tunnel entrances prior to a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the new york jets, sunday, oct. 20, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the jets 37-15. the tunnel photos are some of the best part of the day, filled with excitement. this was the first game i photographed from an elevated perspective and this is a unique view from above of the introductions that we don't normally get.  (taylor ollason / pittsburgh steelers) model: d6 lens (mm): 600mm iso: 2000 aperture: 4  shutter: 1/1250 taylor ollason/pittsburgh steelers 3 / 10 pittsburgh steelers wide receiver george pickens (14) makes a catch using his helmet during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the new york jets, sunday, oct. 20, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the jets 37-15. on the field, there are moments when the perfect shot is obstructed by the refs, but in this instance, shooting from above allowed me to capture the iconic helmet catch—where the referee's presence only enhances the drama of the moment. (taylor ollason / pittsburgh steelers) model: d6 lens (mm): 600mm iso: 2500 aperture: 4  shutter: 1/1600 taylor ollason/pittsburgh steelers 4 / 10 pittsburgh steelers linebacker nick herbig (51) celebrates during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the baltimore ravens, sunday, nov. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the ravens 18-16. celebrations are a key part of the game, and after nick herbig forced a fumble, i was ready to capture whatever celebration would follow. the presence of tj in the background only added to the electric atmosphere on the field. (taylor ollason / pittsburgh steelers) model: d6 lens (mm): 400mm iso: 400 aperture: 4.5  shutter: 1/3200 taylor ollason/pittsburgh steelers 5 / 10 pittsburgh steelers cornerback beanie bishop jr. (31) intercepts a play during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the new york jets, sunday, oct. 20, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the jets 37-15. photographing from this elevated position is a challenge, but it allows for unique angles of celebrations after a big play. (taylor ollason / pittsburgh steelers) model: d6 lens (mm): 600mm iso: 2500 aperture: 4  shutter: 1/1600 taylor ollason/pittsburgh steelers 6 / 10 pittsburgh steelers quarterback russell wilson (3) prior to the snap during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the cleveland browns, sunday, dec. 8, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the browns 27-14. sunny days don't always work in our favor on game day, but this day i got lucky as i shot from an elevated view point with light streaming through the stands, hitting the logo and russell perfectly. (taylor ollason / pittsburgh steelers) model: d6 lens (mm): 600mm iso: 500 aperture: 4  shutter: 1/2500 taylor ollason/pittsburgh steelers 7 / 10 pittsburgh steelers tight end pat freiermuth (88) scores a touchdown during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the philadelphia eagles, sunday, dec. 15, 2024 in philadelphia, pa. the eagles beat the steelers 27-13. it wasn't until i was going through my images post game that i saw calvin austin iii in the background signaling touchdown, a detail that adds so much more depth to the shot. (taylor ollason / pittsburgh steelers) model: z8 lens (mm): 29mm iso: 2500 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/2500 taylor ollason/pittsburgh steelers 8 / 10 pittsburgh steelers quarterback russell wilson (3), head coach mike tomlin and defensive tackle cameron heyward (97) during the national anthem prior to a regular season game against the cleveland browns, thursday, nov. 21, 2024 in cleveland, oh. the browns beat the steelers 24-19. prime-time games create incredible moments, complete with fireworks and light shows. i knew i wanted to capture the fireworks in the shot, so i placed my camera on the ground, angled it upwards, and made sure to still frame their bodies within the shot. (taylor ollason / pittsburgh steelers) model: z8 lens (mm): 328mm iso: 1600 aperture:2.8  shutter: 1/400 taylor ollason/pittsburgh steelers 9 / 10 pittsburgh steelers linebacker t.j. watt (90) pressures baltimore ravens quarterback lamar jackson (8) during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the baltimore ravens, sunday, nov. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the ravens 18-16. though this wasn't a complete quarterback sack, i love the emotion on t.j.'s face during this play. (taylor ollason / pittsburgh steelers) model: d6 lens (mm): 330mm iso: 640 aperture: 4  shutter: 1/1600 taylor ollason/pittsburgh steelers 10 / 10 pittsburgh steelers tight end/fullback connor heyward (83) scores a touchdown during a preseason game between the pittsburgh steelers and the houston texans, friday, aug. 9, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the texans beat the steelers 20-12. right place, right time baby. (taylor ollason / pittsburgh steelers) model: z8 lens (mm): 96mm iso: 200 aperture: 2.8  shutter: 1/1600 taylor ollason/pittsburgh steelers advertising this ad will close in 3 advertising related gallery photos: karl's top pics of 2024 - top 10 steelers senior manager of photography karl roser shares his 10 best photos from the 2024 season gallery photos: alysa's top pics of 2024 - top 10 steelers photography associate alysa rubin shares her 10 best photos from the 2024 season gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at ravens take a look at karl's best photos from the wild card matchup against the baltimore ravens gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers vs bengals take a look at karl's best photos from the week 18 matchup against the cincinnati bengals gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at ravens take a look at karl's best photos from the week 16 matchup against the baltimore ravens gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at eagles take a look at karl's best photos from the week 15 matchup against the philadelphia eagles gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers vs browns take a look at karl's best photos from the week 14 matchup against the cleveland browns gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at bengals take a look at karl's best photos from the week 13 matchup against the cincinnati bengals gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at browns take a look at karl's best photos from the week 12 matchup against the cleveland browns gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers vs ravens take a look at karl's best photos from the week 11 matchup against the baltimore ravens gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at commanders take a look at karl's best photos from the week 10 matchup against the washington commanders gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers vs giants take a look at karl's best photos from the week 8 matchup against the new york giants advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!