photos: alysa's top pics of 2024 - top 10 skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games photos home game action practice pregame karl's top pics best of monochrome travel arrival history community steelers nation unite archive advertising presented by photos: alysa's top pics of 2024 - top 10 steelers photography associate alysa rubin shares her 10 best photos from the 2024 season copied! 1 / 10 pittsburgh steelers defensive lineman dean lowry (94) blocks a kick during a regular season game against the new york jets, sunday, oct. 20, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the jets 37-15. after the jets had scored a touchdown, i noticed that the other steelers photographers were all down by the jets endzone, so i decided to stay back near the steelers endzone to shoot the extra point attempt with my 400mm lens. i love that this frame captures the precise moment that the ball hits dean lowry's and keeanu benton's hands. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) model:nikon z9 lens (mm): 400 iso 2000 aperture: 2.8  shutter: 1/1600 alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 2 / 10 pittsburgh steelers quarterback justin fields (2) scores a touchdown during a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the indianapolis colts, sunday, sept. 29, 2024 in indianapolis, in. the colts beat the steelers 27-24. i was positioned in the back of the end zone as the drive was progressing. when i saw fields break away for a run, i switched from my 400mm to my 70-200mm to capture the moment he evaded the colts defender and high-stepped into the end zone. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z9 lens (mm): 115 iso 2000 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/2000 alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 3 / 10 pittsburgh steelers linebacker t.j. watt (90) waits to be introduced prior to a regular season game against the new york jets, sunday, oct. 20, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the jets 37-15. i made this image in the players' tunnel as the team waited to take the field for introductions. i wanted to take advantage of everything that makes shooting in this setting unique: smoke, colored strobe lights, and being up close to the team to find and capture moments that most people in the stadium don't get to see. the light hitting watt right in the chest only adds to the drama and intensity of this moment. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z9 lens (mm): 24 iso 3200 aperture: 5.6 shutter: 1/250 alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 4 / 10 pittsburgh steelers defensive tackle larry ogunjobi (99) taps the "men of steel" sign outside of the steelers locker room prior to a regular season game against the cincinnati bengals, saturday, jan. 4, 2025 in pittsburgh, pa. the bengals beat the steelers 19-17. i had the idea for this image after i noticed some of our players tapping the "men of steel" sign that hangs outside of the locker room before heading out to the field. it's an introspective moment that speaks to tradition and the history of our team. to create this image, i rigged a remote camera above the sign, triggering it to fire as ogunjobi reached out to touch the sign. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) model:nikon d6 lens (mm): 50 iso 3200 aperture: 5 shutter: 1/800 alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 5 / 10 pittsburgh steelers wide receiver mike williams (18) catches a pass for a touchdown during a regular season game against the washington commanders, sunday, nov. 10, 2024 in landover, md. the steelers defeated the commanders 28-27. when i saw russell wilson wind up to throw deep towards the end of the game, i quickly switched from my 400mm lens to my 70-200mm to capture williams' first touchdown as a steeler. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z9 lens (mm): 103 iso 1000 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/1600 alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 6 / 10 pittsburgh steelers safety minkah fitzpatrick (39) kneels in prayer prior to a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the baltimore ravens, sunday, nov. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the ravens 18-16. before the national anthem, some of our players run to the end zone to pray. it's a very intimate, reflective moment, and one i sought to capture in different ways this season. i placed my camera on the ground and tilted it upwards, framing fitzpatrick against the sky. using a 14-24mm lens allowed me to capture this portrait while giving context to the entire scene. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z9 lens (mm): 18 iso 100 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/1250 alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 7 / 10 pittsburgh steelers linebacker nick herbig (51) strip sacks cincinnati bengals quarterback joe burrow (9) during a regular season game, sunday, dec. 1, 2024 in cincinnati, oh. the steelers defeated the bengals 44-38. i was focused on cincinnati bengals quarterback joe burrow when i saw nick herbig beat a lineman and break for burrow. herbig swatted the ball out of burrow's hand, allowing payton wilson to scoop the ball up and return it for a touchdown. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z9  lens (mm): 400 iso 800  aperture: 2.8  shutter: 1/2500 alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 8 / 10 pittsburgh steelers cornerback beanie bishop jr. (31) puts on his helmet prior to a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the indianapolis colts, sunday, sept. 29, 2024 in indianapolis, in. the colts beat the steelers 27-24. on a game day, i often seek out quiet moments before the action on the field begins. using a 85mm lens with an aperture of 1.4, i framed bishop's face through his helmet as he was pulling it on. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z9 lens (mm): 85 iso 1000 aperture: 1.4 shutter: 1/2000 alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 9 / 10 the pittsburgh steelers special teams celebrates after recovering a fumble during a regular season game against the washington commanders, sunday, nov. 10, 2024 in landover, md. the steelers defeated the commanders 28-27. after the washington commanders kick returner muffed a punt and ben skowronek recovered the fumble right in front of me, i chose to sprint for the end zone, knowing that the team would run down to celebrate. i positioned myself below the tv camera, using a 24-70mm lens to make sure i was capturing the entire group. the moment was a blur, and i might have gotten yelled at afterwards by a security guard for accidentally sitting in front of the play clock. my bad! (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z9 lens (mm): 29 iso 250 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/2000 alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 10 / 10 pittsburgh steelers defensive tackle cameron heyward (97) prepares to take the field prior to a regular season game between the pittsburgh steelers and the new york giants, monday, oct. 28, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. the steelers defeated the giants 26-18. as heyward runs out of the tunnel to take the field, he yells "let's go!" and gets really hyped during team introductions. it's a moment that only the fans looking over the railing into the tunnel can see. i wanted to capture the intensity and the passion that he shows in this moment. i also love that the team wore the color rush uniforms for this game, which matched the yellow strobe lights of the tunnel perfectly. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) model: nikon z9 lens (mm): 58 iso 3200 aperture: 2.8 shutter: 1/2000 alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers advertising this ad will close in 3 advertising related gallery photos: karl's top pics of 2024 - top 10 steelers senior manager of photography karl roser shares his 10 best photos from the 2024 season gallery photos: taylor's top pics of 2024 - top 10 steelers photographer taylor ollason shares her 10 best photos from the 2024 season gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at ravens take a look at karl's best photos from the wild card matchup against the baltimore ravens gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers vs bengals take a look at karl's best photos from the week 18 matchup against the cincinnati bengals gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at ravens take a look at karl's best photos from the week 16 matchup against the baltimore ravens gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at eagles take a look at karl's best photos from the week 15 matchup against the philadelphia eagles gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers vs browns take a look at karl's best photos from the week 14 matchup against the cleveland browns gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at bengals take a look at karl's best photos from the week 13 matchup against the cincinnati bengals gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at browns take a look at karl's best photos from the week 12 matchup against the cleveland browns gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers vs ravens take a look at karl's best photos from the week 11 matchup against the baltimore ravens gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers at commanders take a look at karl's best photos from the week 10 matchup against the washington commanders gallery photos: karl's top pics - steelers vs giants take a look at karl's best photos from the week 8 matchup against the new york giants advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!