home -     center for business engagement - carnegie mellon university carnegie mellon university — — — search search search this site only center for business engagement from the technology that powers your smartphone to the entertainment you consume, carnegie mellon university is transforming the modern world. since its founding by industrialist andrew carnegie, cmu has been where ideas become innovations, academia partners with industry, and problems find real-world solutions. you’d expect nothing less from the birthplace of ai, the university that reinvented business education, the leading pioneer in advanced manufacturing and the first degree-granting program in drama. here, the world’s best researchers, students and faculty engage in boundary breaking cross-disciplinary collaboration, both internally and externally, that bring new products to market, move industries forward, prepare workers for the challenges of tomorrow and create new fields of discovery. a connection to the cmu community has been the key advantage for many startups, tech firms, manufacturers, financial institutions and more. ready to join them? the center for business engagement team is your first stop. we will guide and connect you to the right people at cmu to achieve your goals. connect with us why work with cmu? (for industry partners) there are no cookie-cutter solutions here. we offer a variety of ways to partner with collaborative and entrepreneurially minded cmu faculty and students that can be customized for your exact situation and need. let’s get to work why partner with industry? (for cmu faculty) when cmu faculty members connect with a corporate partner, both can achieve greater success. we will explore your needs and work with you to find the right partner to achieve your goals. explore opportunities explore the center for business engagement ways to partner partner highlights about us ways to partner contact us center for business engagement 4665 forbes ave. pittsburgh, pa 15213 contact us legal info www.cmu.edu © 2024 carnegie mellon university cmu on linkedin ways to partner discover real-world solutions work with our colleges partner highlights about us faculty/staff resources contact us