steelers give back through social justice fund skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games labriola on asked and answered press releases game notes xtra points game recap opponents on press conference reaction steelers digest steelers en español advertising steelers give back through social justice fund jan 03, 2025 at 01:00 pm teresa varley steelers.com copied! the steelers are continuing their mission of making a difference in the pittsburgh community and beyond through the team's social justice fund initiative. this year the team made a total of $516,000 in donations, with the players contributing $258,000 and the team matching the donation to the social justice fund initiative. "i want to say thank you again to our social justice committee members for continuing to lead these efforts, which benefit so many great causes," said steelers president art rooney ii. "our players and the organization have come together to provide the community with over $500,000 to support our neighbors in need of food, education opportunities, and many other vital resources." since its inception in 2018, the team and its players have donated a total of $2,994,970 combined. "it's not one or two guys, it's a group of men that understand the importance of our community. i am thankful for that," said defensive tackle cameron heyward. "guys have different things that they care about. we understand there are going to be a lot of people we want to affect, but it's good to see the city of pittsburgh prosper from that." a total of 37 players contributed to the social justice fund initiative this year, including a $100,000 donation from cameron heyward and a $50,000 donation from quarterback russell wilson. in addition, linebacker elandon roberts, tight end pat freiermuth, defensive tackle larry ogunjobi and punter corliss waitman also made contributions of $10,000 or more. "it's really cool to be a part of this organization and all the amazing things the players have done before us and what this organization has done over the years," said wilson. "the rooney family and coach (mike) tomlin and all the greats before us, i think that they really set the standard of community going. i think it starts all the way back to latrobe and the history of winning. winning is a habit. and i think giving is too. and these guys, we all have a giving spirit. we give our all to this game, but we also want to be able to give our all to the community. "i'm just so grateful just to be a part of such high character guys daily and their focus on others. that's what life is about. when much is given, much is required, it says in the bible. i think it's such a blessing that we can give back, and not just our resources, but also our time. i think guys do a really good job of giving their time, which is probably the most valuable asset of them all." this year contributions were made to 30 organizations in pittsburgh, and in several players' hometowns, that are focused on youth development, food access, criminal justice, community and police relations, equity and inclusion education, and housing. "it means a lot to me, especially this year being on the social justice committee and everything, getting a little more in depth to know what goes on in the community and how we play a part in it," said receiver calvin austin ii. "coach tomlin always motivates us to not only show our character on the field, but off the field as well. i like to help in memphis where i am from, but being able to help in the new city i am able to call home is something that's near and dear to my heart. "i'm glad i've been able to just get out and interact with the community and meet new people and just see all the good that is actually happening in this community." since 2018, contributions from steelers players, along with the matching donations from steelers charities, have benefited 82 charitable organizations throughout the region. related content news holiday cheer is in the air the steelers are spreading cheer and joy during the holiday season news community corner: holiday magic follow along for all of the latest steelers in the community happenings news steelers huddle up to bring holiday joy the steelers hosted their annual huddle for the holidays, bringing joy and cheer to those who need a lift news making a change in the community she cares for carolina frantz is the steelers 2024 inspire change changemaker news showing support for great causes with their cleats steelers players will be wearing custom cleats when the team plays the browns on sunday to show their support for meaningful causes news ogunjobi is steelers walter payton nfl man of the year nominee larry ogunjobi is the steelers 2024 walter payton nfl man of the year nominee news thankful to be able to share with others steelers players are sharing their blessings with others at thanksgiving news steelers to honor special operations as part of sts game the steelers are working with the united states special operations command (socom) as part of their salute to service efforts news overcoming adversity is nothing new for trice cornerback cory trice jr. was presented with the steelers ed block courage award on tuesday news bleier is steelers salute to service nominee legendary steelers running back rocky bleier, who is a vietnam veteran, is the steelers salute to service nominee news a night to celebrate greatness the steelers alumni weekend dinner honored the super bowl ix team advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!