holiday cheer is in the air skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games labriola on asked and answered press releases game notes xtra points game recap opponents on press conference reaction steelers digest steelers en español advertising holiday cheer is in the air dec 24, 2024 at 06:45 am teresa varley steelers.com copied! the holiday season is about giving back, sharing with others, and spreading love and kindness every opportunity. that is exactly what the steelers have been doing. the team hosted their annual huddle for the holidays, bringing community organizations to acrisure stadium for a night of holiday fun and joy. huddle for the holidays, which is done with convoy of hope, has grown through the years into an opportunity for the entire steelers organization to give back during the holiday season. ( more on huddle for the holidays ) photos: 2024 huddle for the holidays the steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area 1 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 2 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 3 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 4 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 5 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 6 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 7 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 8 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 9 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 10 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 11 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 12 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 13 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 14 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 15 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 16 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 17 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 18 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 19 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 20 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 21 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 22 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 23 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 24 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 25 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 26 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 27 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 28 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 29 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 30 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 31 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 32 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 33 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 34 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 35 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 36 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 37 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 38 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 39 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 40 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 41 / 41 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers advertising this ad will close in 3 steelers players and coaches have also been out and about all month, making sure the holidays are merry and bright for all as they held their own events. photos: 2024 giving back at the holidays steelers players give back to the pittsburgh community during the holiday season 1 / 31 pittsburgh steelers defensive tackle larry ogunjobi (99) takes youth from ywca and urban league on a shopping trip for the holidays on tuesday, dec. 3, 2024 in homestead, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 2 / 31 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 3 / 31 pittsburgh steelers safety deshon elliott (25) surprised local youth with a holiday shopping spree on thursday, dec. 12, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa.(jared wickerham / pittsburgh steelers) jared wickerham/pittsburgh steelers 4 / 31 pittsburgh steelers tight end pat freiermuth (88) takes families from family care connection centers on a holiday shopping trip, wednesday, dec. 4, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (#1\ / pittsburgh steelers) josh veon/pittsburgh steelers 5 / 31 pittsburgh steelers defensive tackle larry ogunjobi (99) takes youth from ywca and urban league on a shopping trip for the holidays on tuesday, dec. 3, 2024 in homestead, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 6 / 31 pittsburgh steelers tight end darnell washington (80) takes families from the veteran leadership program on a holiday shopping trip, tuesday, dec. 3, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (\1956e7#1\ / pittsburgh steelers) mike spinos/pittsburgh steelers 7 / 31 pittsburgh steelers linebacker alex highsmith (56) delivered coats to urban impact youth on thursday, dec. 12, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa.(jared wickerham / pittsburgh steelers) jared wickerham/pittsburgh steelers 8 / 31 pittsburgh steelers defensive tackle larry ogunjobi (99) takes youth from ywca and urban league on a shopping trip for the holidays on tuesday, dec. 3, 2024 in homestead, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 9 / 31 pittsburgh steelers tight end pat freiermuth (88) takes families from family care connection centers on a holiday shopping trip, wednesday, dec. 4, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (#1\ / pittsburgh steelers) josh veon/pittsburgh steelers 10 / 31 pittsburgh steelers safety deshon elliott (25) surprised local youth with a holiday shopping spree on thursday, dec. 12, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa.(jared wickerham / pittsburgh steelers) jared wickerham/pittsburgh steelers 11 / 31 pittsburgh steelers long snapper christian kuntz (46) and his teammates takes teens from foster love project to dave and busters, friday, dec. 13, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (#1\ / pittsburgh steelers) josh veon/pittsburgh steelers 12 / 31 13 / 31 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 14 / 31 pittsburgh steelers linebacker alex highsmith (56) delivered coats to urban impact youth on thursday, dec. 12, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa.(jared wickerham / pittsburgh steelers) jared wickerham/pittsburgh steelers 15 / 31 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 16 / 31 pittsburgh steelers defensive tackle larry ogunjobi (99) takes youth from ywca and urban league on a shopping trip for the holidays on tuesday, dec. 3, 2024 in homestead, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 17 / 31 pittsburgh steelers tight end pat freiermuth (88) takes families from family care connection centers on a holiday shopping trip, wednesday, dec. 4, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (#1\ / pittsburgh steelers) josh veon/pittsburgh steelers 18 / 31 pittsburgh steelers linebacker alex highsmith (56) delivered coats to urban impact youth on thursday, dec. 12, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa.(jared wickerham / pittsburgh steelers) jared wickerham/pittsburgh steelers 19 / 31 pittsburgh steelers safety deshon elliott (25) surprised local youth with a holiday shopping spree on thursday, dec. 12, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa.(jared wickerham / pittsburgh steelers) jared wickerham/pittsburgh steelers 20 / 31 pittsburgh steelers linebacker alex highsmith (56) delivered coats to urban impact youth on thursday, dec. 12, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa.(jared wickerham / pittsburgh steelers) jared wickerham/pittsburgh steelers 21 / 31 pittsburgh steelers tight end darnell washington (80) takes families from the veteran leadership program on a holiday shopping trip, tuesday, dec. 3, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (\1956e7#1\ / pittsburgh steelers) mike spinos/pittsburgh steelers 22 / 31 pittsburgh steelers safety deshon elliott (25) surprised local youth with a holiday shopping spree on thursday, dec. 12, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa.(jared wickerham / pittsburgh steelers) jared wickerham/pittsburgh steelers 23 / 31 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 24 / 31 pittsburgh steelers safety deshon elliott (25) surprised local youth with a holiday shopping spree on thursday, dec. 12, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa.(jared wickerham / pittsburgh steelers) jared wickerham/pittsburgh steelers 25 / 31 pittsburgh steelers linebacker alex highsmith (56) delivered coats to urban impact youth on thursday, dec. 12, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa.(jared wickerham / pittsburgh steelers) jared wickerham/pittsburgh steelers 26 / 31 the pittsburgh steelers partnered with convoy of hope to give back to multiple community organizations in the pittsburgh area on tuesday, dec. 17, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (alysa rubin / pittsburgh steelers) alysa rubin/pittsburgh steelers 27 / 31 pittsburgh steelers tight end pat freiermuth (88) takes families from family care connection centers on a holiday shopping trip, wednesday, dec. 4, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (#1\ / pittsburgh steelers) josh veon/pittsburgh steelers 28 / 31 29 / 31 pittsburgh steelers head coach mike tomlin and pittsburgh steelers cornerback cameron sutton (20) distribute food to those in need during the holidays thursday, dec. 19, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (karl roser / pittsburgh steelers) karl roser/pittsburgh steelers 30 / 31 pittsburgh steelers head coach mike tomlin and pittsburgh steelers cornerback cameron sutton (20) distribute food to those in need during the holidays thursday, dec. 19, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (karl roser / pittsburgh steelers) karl roser/pittsburgh steelers 31 / 31 pittsburgh steelers head coach mike tomlin and pittsburgh steelers cornerback cameron sutton (20) distribute food to those in need during the holidays thursday, dec. 19, 2024 in pittsburgh, pa. (karl roser / pittsburgh steelers) karl roser/pittsburgh steelers advertising this ad will close in 3 coach mike tomlin hosted his annual holiday food distribution in conjunction with the greater pittsburgh community food bank, giving back to those most in need during the holidays. he was joined by cornerback cameron sutton as they handed out turkeys and all the trimmings and visited with everyone. deshon elliott has made a commitment to giving back to the pittsburgh community, hosting a back-to-school event, a thanksgiving event and now helping out at the holidays. elliott took a group of middle school students on a holiday shopping spree, letting them choose items that they might not otherwise be able to have this holiday season. "it's spreading the christmas cheer," said elliott. "not everyone gets the chance to do what i do on a day-to-day basis. when i can give back to the people in my community, people who probably won't be able to celebrate christmas the way they want to or have never had a chance to enjoy certain things. situations for everyone are different. it makes me feel good on the inside to give back to the people that matter the most." in addition to the shopping spree, elliott also invited the kids to the steelers week 18 game against the cincinnati bengals at acrisure stadium. elliott said the spirit of giving back stems from his parents, who do similar things in a quiet manner. "every year they choose a random family back home and they buy christmas presents for the kids, underprivileged kids," said elliott. "i didn't even know my parents did that. i told my mom a couple weeks ago what i was doing, and she said we've been doing it for eight years. it comes from them." while elliott is one who enjoys participating in team community activities, he said having the ability to host his own takes it to another level for him. "this is my first year doing on my own because god has blessed me," said elliott. "it feels good and down the line i want to always do it. "it feels different because it doesn't feel like a like an obligation, it feels like a choice. this is doing it from the heart, and it feels good. "you don't realize how big of an impact you make on kids. after the fact they might tell a story about how they met you and the impact you made on their lives. you don't realize it at the time, but it can make a big difference." * * * there were smiles, laughter and a lot of joy when tight end pat freiermuth surprised kids from the upmc children's hospital family care connection centers with a holiday shopping spree. the kids were able to pick out toys, games and more for themselves and family members. "it's special because i get to meet these kids from the pittsburgh area who love the steelers and spend some great time with them," said freiermuth. "i'm able to kind of cheer them up, help them around the holidays, and help some of their families in doing this. "everyone wants to be happy around the holidays. so, just to be able to help them and cheer them up and make the holiday something special they can remember." freiermuth is a regular at going out with kids to shop, knowing how important it is to not just give back, but be there for the kids. "anyone can donate to anything and just kind of like say, 'oh, i did that. i'm good,'" said freiermuth. "but just being able to be there, show face and make them smile and help them out. it means a lot. "i get to put a face to a name for them, and just be proud to be from pittsburgh and be proud to be a fan of the steelers." when the evening of shopping was over, it was hard to tell who had more fun, the kids or freiermuth himself. "i think me honestly, just because i get to be able to impact someone's day, someone's month, someone's year, whatever it is," said freiermuth "it's just awesome to be a part of something special." * * * having a warm winter coat is something that seems so commonplace for anyone dealing with the cold months in pittsburgh, but the reality is there are many kids in the pittsburgh area who don't have something so simple. that is why linebacker alex highsmith held a winter coat distribution for kids who are served by urban impact on pittsburgh's north side, the neighborhood that borders acrisure stadium. "i have a good relationship with pastor ed glover and the people at urban impact," said highsmith. "i love the work they are doing on the north side. so just to be able to give back to them and help them on their mission and what they are doing on the north side of pittsburgh, it's an honor for me. i love doing it every year." for over 25 years, urban impact has served the youth of the area, providing services, sports and support. "what they do with the youth and the next generation is so important," said highsmith. "my own foundation is centered around the youth too. just to see their mission to impact lives on the north side is really awesome. that is what i love about them. they truly care. the people that work there, a lot of them live on the north side and are doing the work with the kids. that's what i love about them." highsmith is thrilled to be able to provide the kids with the winter coats, but he also delivers a lot more…smiles and hope. "it's so important here to have a good winter coat," said highsmith. "i know sometimes i take for granted, the clothes on my back. to be able to do this for kids who are less fortunate truly means a lot. a lot of times we take for granted the ways we are blessed. giving back is so fulfilling. "when they see you and get excited, it's cool. but when you see the joy on their faces when they pick out a coat, that is what it's all about." * * * when long snapper christian kuntz and his wife, heather, were thinking about ways to help this holiday season, they wanted to be sure to make their way of giving back was inclusive. and they definitely achieved that. the two of them reached out to all levels, from kids to moms, to make the holidays a brighter time. they kicked it off through their kuntz4ki6s foundation by working with jeremiah's place to take single mothers on a shopping trip for necessities and items for themselves. they were also provided holiday gifts for themselves and their children. "we run our events in the summertime for our foundation, and it's cool to see us being able to do this and give back and especially to single moms that are that are hurting, especially during this time," said kuntz. "it's special for me, my wife, and my family. "not everyone is as fortunate as we are. and for us to be able to give back to them, and to be able to do this in pittsburgh, in a city that has done so much for me and my family, it's special." they continued the holiday spirit by hosting a toy distribution at pittsburgh grandview prek-5, bringing joy to kids at a time of year when joy should be widespread through a partnership with toys for tykes. "being able to give a kid a toy that may not have the opportunity to get toys on christmas, and being able to provide that for them, it's special," said kuntz. "i know we want to focus on essential needs and things that people need. but just seeing kids smiling, getting toys, it's really exciting. "the best part of it all is just the kids face and how happy they are when you give them a toy or something. that's the best part about giving back. just seeing their reaction, the pure joy and the fact that they really need what we are giving them." they wrapped up their holiday good will by hosting teens from the foster love project to dinner and a night of fun and games at dave & busters. the couple also provided gift cards for the kids so they can do some of their own holiday shopping. "this was fun, and i did my best to not let them win against me," said kuntz. "i am competitive for sure. but it was fun, being able to enjoy a meal together and then let the kids have fun and play games. "my foundation, when we started it, our hope was to help the youth. and it just kind of came together where we wanted to find a way to kind of touch every aspect that was important to us. "i grew up with two older brothers that guided me, and i followed them and everything they did. so, i want to act as a big brother to other teens that might not have someone to look up to. it's just that connection of having someone in a position that you can look up to and it's special for us to do it. it means a lot." * * * giving back all year is nothing new for defensive end larry ogunjobi, as the steelers 2024 walter payton nfl man of the year nominee has a heart of gold. but at the holidays, he always makes sure he kicks it up a notch, assuring that those who need a little something special are well taken care of. ogunjobi took youth from the programs at the ywca and urban league in the pittsburgh area on a shopping trip, making sure they get to enjoy the blessings of the holiday season like others. "it's funny, because i was talking to some friends and it doesn't matter what kind of day you're having or what's going on in your life personally," said ogunjobi. "when you help people, you always feel better afterwards. "doing this shopping trip, it just kind of made me really put things in perspective and realize that i'm in an amazing position and god has blessed me in so many ways. it's about not having any bad days and being able to really help those in need. that's what i enjoy doing." and he did just that. ogunjobi was smiling and laughing with the kids as they picked out items for themselves, but also didn't forget their loved ones as well. "the kids at the start, they didn't know what they were getting, what was actually happening," said ogunjobi. "when you see their face and they're just super excited. and then you see them shopping. "the kids were shopping for other people. and it really touched my heart because it's a moment that obviously they can do whatever they want for themselves. but almost every kid was getting something for their mom or sister or grandparents. "it just showed people have a heart." ogunjobi also hosted a dinner at the august wilson african american cultural center for families who have resettled into the pittsburgh area recently. he also provided them with gift cards to help with some of the basic necessities they need to adapt to their new life in pittsburgh. ogunjobi worked hand-in-hand with hello neighbor, a local organization that works to improve the lives of recently resettled refugee and immigrant families by matching them with dedicated neighbors to guide and support them in their new lives. ogunjobi understands what it's like for families that are immigrants to the united states based on his family history. ogunjobi's parents moved to the united states from nigeria in 1993, a year before he was born, to help provide a better life. he knows that families can struggle with receiving the basic necessities to help rebuild their life. "it's just all about giving back," said ogunjobi. "it's what we all should do. "my parents came here with nothing. they built a life here, moved here to get a better life. i want to make sure i am able to give it back because my parents instilled such a good example in me of that." * * * tight end darnell washington has a passion for helping those who have served or our currently serving our country in the military, especially since his brother, ezekiel, is a united states marine. that is why washington worked with dreambuilders foundation to take two families from the veterans leadership program shopping for christmas gifts. washington surprised the families with the $1,000 shopping spree for each, joining them to select christmas gifts for the family. "for me, it was very special," said washington. "the families didn't know what was going on at the time, so when i walked in, they were really surprised. i walked into where they were and handed them the gift cards, and i could see the smiles on their faces right away." washington understands the importance of giving back, especially this time of year when families are struggling to make ends meet and provide a happy holiday season for their kids. "i feel like that is more important," said washington. "everybody talks about giving back to their community, but doing it and experiencing is so much better. it was amazing. i doubt they even knew who i was. and it doesn't matter. "for me it was about seeing the smiles on their faces and kicking off the holiday so on christmas they can say they received something." washington brought his family with him to be a part of the shopping experience as well, loving the aspect of seeing firsthand the impact that can be made. "that was my first event that i did on my own, so for me to experience it like that, i was excited," said washington. "it made me want to do more. everybody can always do more in their own community to make something happen. me just doing that, it makes me want to do more and put more smiles on people's faces." related content news steelers give back through social justice fund steelers announce more than half a million dollars in donations to this year's social justice fund initiative news community corner: holiday magic follow along for all of the latest steelers in the community happenings news steelers huddle up to bring holiday joy the steelers hosted their annual huddle for the holidays, bringing joy and cheer to those who need a lift news making a change in the community she cares for carolina frantz is the steelers 2024 inspire change changemaker news showing support for great causes with their cleats steelers players will be wearing custom cleats when the team plays the browns on sunday to show their support for meaningful causes news ogunjobi is steelers walter payton nfl man of the year nominee larry ogunjobi is the steelers 2024 walter payton nfl man of the year nominee news thankful to be able to share with others steelers players are sharing their blessings with others at thanksgiving news steelers to honor special operations as part of sts game the steelers are working with the united states special operations command (socom) as part of their salute to service efforts news overcoming adversity is nothing new for trice cornerback cory trice jr. was presented with the steelers ed block courage award on tuesday news bleier is steelers salute to service nominee legendary steelers running back rocky bleier, who is a vietnam veteran, is the steelers salute to service nominee news a night to celebrate greatness the steelers alumni weekend dinner honored the super bowl ix team advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!