asked and answered: feb. 26 skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games labriola on asked and answered press releases game notes xtra points game recap opponents on press conference reaction steelers digest steelers en español advertising asked and answered asked and answered: feb. 26 feb 27, 2025 at 06:05 am bob labriola steelers.com copied! let's get to it: beth gollmar from atlanta, ga: is this year's draft class good at defensive end? should this be the year they have to draft a guy to replace cam heyward even if they get a "project" guy? he could learn for a year and then be able to step in. or should they draft high enough to get a guy who could step in and give cam a breather while he gets accustomed to the nfl? answer: based on projections the defensive line talent pool to be available in the 2025 nfl draft is supposed to be one of the deeper position groups. i am on record as being of the opinion that the steelers need to invest in their defensive line the way they have over the past few offseasons with their offensive line. and i also believe the way to get top-quality defensive linemen is to draft them, as opposed to shopping in free agency, because top quality defensive linemen aren't usually allowed to get to the open market by their original teams. there just aren't a lot of them, and so if you have one you want to keep him. what i believe the steelers need along the defensive line is a player who can be an eventual replacement for cam heyward, but i also think if the defense is going to be elite it needs another stephon tuitt – and by that comparison i mean a guy who can contribute to the pass rush and also be sufficiently stout against the run. that's what you need when an opponent presents a combination of derrick henry-lamar jackson or saquon barkley-jalen hurts. you have to be able to pressure the quarterbacks, because if those guys are not pressured they will kill you. and at the same time you have to be able to control the run playing nickel because loading up against the run will open things up for their receivers. cam heyward is an all-time great, but he'll be 36 years old in may. father time is still undefeated, and understand that the top two defensive linemen in steelers history came to the team as no. 1 picks. tuitt – 34.5 sacks in 91 games, along with 93 hits on the quarterback, 13 passes defensed, 6 forced fumbles, and 176 combined tackles – was a no. 2 pick (46th overall) in the 2014 nfl draft. that kind of draft capital is what has to be invested for those kinds of defensive linemen, and great defenses have those kinds of defensive linemen. download and listen to the asked & answered podcast here: apple podcast | spotify ronald wall from shady valley, tn: what's the difference between being waived and being released? it seems that either way a team is letting a player go, so why can't a waived player decide which team he wants to play for? answer: because the rule that governs players being "let go" is that guys with 4 or more accrued nfl seasons are able to decide which team he wants to play for and at what price, and guys with fewer than 4 accrued nfl seasons are subject to waivers. waivers is a 24-hour period where 31 other teams can submit a claim, and then the player is awarded to the team with the worst record – the same method used to determine draft order. there is a time at the end of a regular season where all released players must go through waivers, but that's a competitive issue. that's the rule, and it is the result of a negotiation between the league and the players union. mark honsaker from galveston, tx: i believe in justin fields but am also of the opinion that a year or two of tutelage under another quarterback to show him some of the intricacies of the position would be helpful in bringing out the best in his abilities. as such, and i believe aaron rodgers fits this mold more than a mathew stafford, what do you think about signing rodgers to be the mentor/tutor, so to speak, so we have rodgers as the no. 1 qb for a year or two and then turning things over to fields? answer: in a world where players aren't people, that's a nice idea, but it's just not real. justin fields is not going to sign a contract with a team where he's to be mentored by a veteran for a year or two. and the veteran guys you mention have no interest in signing with a team planning to use him as a de facto coach until the pupil is ready to take over. sam wiley from middletown, ri: can you give some insight into the difference between, say matt stafford's team finding his value on the trade market and the legal tampering period? answer: to be as simple as possible, it's all about permission. in exploring a player's value on the trade market, both sides of the trade have to be amenable to the terms for the transaction to happen. the legal tampering period pertains to free agents, and it's more contained. the nfl actually sanctions it as anything goes. the legal tampering period this year is from noon on march 10 until 3:59 p.m. on march 12, because at 4 p.m. on march 12 the gates to free agency will be swung open. mark cusick from paradise valley, az: i have seen different assumptions in the media about whether the steelers have two or three picks in the seventh round of this year's draft. what is the origin of this confusion? answer: i have no interest in how or why there was "confusion," which in this particular case is nothing more than reporting incorrectly. but in this forum, the steelers always have been listed as having seven total picks in the 2025 nfl draft – 1 in each of the first 5 rounds and 2 in the 7th round. michael green from miami, fl: my question is in regard to the "tush push." if the qb or ball carrier is elevated off the ground by the pushers, shouldn't that be a penalty? my understanding was that a player couldn't use another player to get higher or jump? answer: there is way more pushing and pulling happening during a tush-push than lifting and carrying. but i don't see the league eliminating the play unless definitive injury information is compiled and presented showing it to be dangerous. rob fortin from mansfield, sd: what are your thoughts on hiring hines ward as the receivers coach if he was available? i loved watching hines, antwan randel el, and plaxico burress all block downfield for the running backs. the steelers need the physical play that he brought. answer: hines ward is not available now, because he's the receivers coach at arizona state. and allow me to caution people about the assumption that a great player can teach what made him great to the next generation. i cannot speak to the kind of coach ward is, what he teaches, what he emphasizes to the players, but you can't teach a player to be great. he has to have it in him to start with. thomas milinovich from erie, pa: as we get closer to march 12 free agent signing time, could you give us the time line as to when teams can contact players, make offers to players, and then announce the signing of the new player? answer: as i wrote in an above answer, the legal tampering period is from noon on march 10 until 3:59 p.m. on march 12, and that's when teams are allowed legally to contact potential free agents and make offers to them. starting at 4 p.m. on march 12, all untagged unrestricted free agents are allowed to sign with any team at whatever price. when the signing team chooses to make an announcement is its decision, but such news can be "announced" by the player himself on social media. john curley from chaptico, md: historically, are the steelers more likely to pay more attention to one college football program vs. another? meaning that program is more in-line with steelers football so the transition from college to professional is easier on the player. also, because some veterans of the military have played professional football, how much attention is paid to the military academies? answer: the inaugural nfl draft (player selection meeting is what it was called initially) was in 1936, and the steelers have participated in every one of them. that leads to a lot of history. the steelers have drafted more players from the university of pittsburgh (46) than any other college program, but a lot of the geographic component of that came when scouting was a much more regional endeavor. as for the military academies, the steelers have drafted 3 players from west point and 1 player from the naval academy. rocky bleier served in vietnam, but he went to notre dame; alejandro villanueva went to west point, but he was undrafted. those are two players who would be examples of military veterans who don't count on any list of guys drafted from the academies. ron williams from astoria, or: no question but instead a compliment to rob king as the new voice of the steelers in 2024. he had a very difficult task following bill hillgrove, but my opinion is he was very good, very well prepared and professional. rob also worked very seamlessly with craig wolfley in the booth. answer: beside my wife, those guys are two of the biggest fans of asked and answered, and so i'm sure they appreciate your kind words. carl wynn from sunnyvale, tx: this is to the fan who thinks the steelers should have drafted tyler guyton instead of troy fautanu. i am a steelers fan living in the dallas area. with that, i have the misfortune of getting to watch the cowboys weekly, and i can tell that fan that tyler guyton may not be the kind of player he thinks he is. in fact, throughout last season i delighted in hearing the talking radio heads here after most games as they whined and complained about young mr. guyton. according to them, it seemed if he wasn't holding, or killing drives, he was getting beat on a pass rush. many fans consider guyton to be the end to a recent streak of highly successful offensive linemen taken in the first round by the cowboys. as you wrote, time will tell if guyton or fautanu will be more successful. but the early reviews, at least among cowboys faithful, are not in guyton's favor. thank you, steelers, for taking troy fautanu. answer: and thank you for sharing. related content news asked and answered: march 6 austin did some nice things from the slot in 2024 and is still on a rookie contract news asked and answered: march 4 dawson's hall of fame career spanned 1988-2000 news asked and answered: feb. 25 fautanu played 41 games in college, including 28 in 2022-23 news asked and answered: feb. 20 williams played 171 offensive snaps in 9 games with pittsburgh news asked and answered: feb. 18 ben has better credentials than eli to be a 'first-ballot hall of famer' news asked and answered: feb. 13 l.c.'s hof candidacy wasn't impacted by jared allen's election news asked and answered: feb. 11 the 'golden triangle' jerseys were used for the 1966-67 seasons news asked and answered: feb. 6 in every sense, myron cope was one-of-a-kind news asked and answered: feb. 4 pro bowl made the move to flag football because of injury concerns news asked and answered: jan. 30 greenwood has been credited with 73.5 career sacks news asked and answered: jan. 23 fields has handled himself well in his dealings with the media advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!