asked and answered: feb. 25 skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games labriola on asked and answered press releases game notes xtra points game recap opponents on press conference reaction steelers digest steelers en español advertising asked and answered asked and answered: feb. 25 feb 25, 2025 at 06:05 am bob labriola steelers.com copied! let's get to it: randy hoffert from new holland, pa: the steelers should have drafted tyler guyton instead of troy fautanu. guyton is a better player and not made of plastic. fautanu couldn't stay healthy in college and he won't stay healthy in the pros. answer: troy fautanu (6-4, 317) was selected 20th overall in the 2024 nfl draft by the steelers, and tyler guyton (6-7, 322) was selected 29th overall by dallas in the same draft. while fautanu did injure a knee and missed all but 55 snaps of his rookie season, guyton appeared in 15 games, with 11 starts as a rookie. in his 670 offensive snaps, guyton was flagged for 5 holding penalties, 5 false start penalties, and he committed two other penalties that either were declined or were part of an offsetting foul situation. your assertion that fautanu "couldn't stay healthy in college" is not supported by facts. fautanu played 41 games in his four seasons at the university of washington, including 28 games in his final two college seasons (2022-23). i don't know whether it'll be fautanu or guyton who ends up with a longer/better professional career, and i suspect that you don't know either. download and listen to the asked & answered podcast here: apple podcast | spotify mason christopher from winamac, in: will justin fields be returning to the steelers? answer: i think we should have the answer to that question when free agency begins on wednesday, march 12. jarod allison from rockwood, pa: i took a look at some of the names of former steelers who may be available via free agency. names include artie burns, kelvin beachum, javon hargrave, robert spillane, juju smith-schuster, mason rudolph, kendrick green, devin bush, mike hilton, diontae johnson, chukwuma okorafor. anyone in there you'd have an interest in signing to strengthen a position? answer: me? no. timothy paull from pahrump, nv: with the years of poor offensive production, do you attribute this to just not having the playmaking talent at the skill positions, or is it not getting creative offensive coordinators, or is it schematics that are antiquated, or some combination? answer: talent is what wins in the nfl. people become too enamored with the concept of schemes and game plans and play-calls, but super bowl lix definitively showed that none of that matters if the other guys are better. the chiefs offensive line was handled on a consistent basis, and the eagles managed that without blitzing. when that is happening, you can have a great quarterback (patrick mahomes) and a superior strategist (andy reid), and that's not going to be enough. the steelers have used the previous couple of offseasons to invest in their offensive line, and now it's necessary to address the issue that's been identified as an offseason priority. quarterback. i believe what you're referring to as "years of poor offensive production" coincide with the seasons following ben roethlisberger's retirement. and the goal isn't to find the next ben roethlisberger – because that might never happen – but to find a way to get more consistently effective play at the quarterback position. lukas cardinal from saskatchewan, canada: when do you think the steelers will make a decision at quarterback for the 2025 season? i understand they want to do their due diligence on exploring every option, but we've seen them make other moves. just curious if you could provide some insight. answer: i have written this before, and not just once, that i believe the aim is to have identified and then signed the better of the russell wilson-justin fields option by the start of free agency on wednesday, march 12. doing that would open up the rest of the offseason for the steelers to explore ways to deal with other areas of the depth chart they identify as being in need of reinforcement or an injection of top-level talent. dan colombin from okmulgee, ok: did steelers hire hines ward as coach? answer: no. hines ward is the receivers coach at arizona state. mike winn from saratoga springs, ny: i know there are a lot of questions about the steelers quarterback situation for next year. i saw new england's no. 3 quarterback – joe milton iii – play in the season finale vs. buffalo. granted it was a meaningless game for the bills, but milton, who is 6-foot-5, looked good. he threw some accurate passes and made some good decisions. he would be a project and a gamble, but he would also be relatively cheap to acquire, no? answer: no. joe milton iii played 6 college seasons – 3 for michigan and then 3 for tennessee – and he appeared in 43 games for the wolverines and volunteers, where he completed 400-of-649 (61.3 percent) for 5,353 yards, with 37 touchdowns and 11 interceptions. he also rushed 174 times for 661 yards (3.8 average) and 12 more touchdowns. all of that sounds good, but milton entered the nfl as a sixth-round pick of new england (193rd overall) in 2024, which means the patriots have total control over his rights for the next 3 seasons. in the unlikely event the patriots would cut him, milton would be subject to waivers, and the steelers would be 21st in priority to claim him. and because milton is on the books for the veteran minimum salary for the next 3 years, the notion that the patriots would want to trade him based on the miniscule value he would bring back to them isn't realistic in the least. nicholas moses from simi valley, ca: javon hargrave seems like a logical choice for the steelers to pursue this offseason given their poor run defense. what are your thoughts on that? also, please tell me the steelers would not seriously consider signing a 41-year-old aaron rodgers. answer: my thoughts on both of the options you present is that it makes as much sense to sign a 32-year-old nt who played in only 3 games in 2024 after a season-ending torn triceps in week 3 to help the run defense as it would to think signing a 41-year-old would be the answer at quarterback. larry lash from tarentum, pa: i thought corliss waitman was effective enough as an injury replacement for cameron johnston as the steelers punter. but was he effective enough for the steelers to give him an opportunity in 2025? i assume waitman will be a free agent come march 12. am i correct? answer: corliss waitman is under contract to the steelers for the 2025 season for a reported salary of $1.1 million. related content news asked and answered: march 6 austin did some nice things from the slot in 2024 and is still on a rookie contract news asked and answered: march 4 dawson's hall of fame career spanned 1988-2000 news asked and answered: feb. 26 draft capital must be spent in order to acquire top-quality d-linemen news asked and answered: feb. 20 williams played 171 offensive snaps in 9 games with pittsburgh news asked and answered: feb. 18 ben has better credentials than eli to be a 'first-ballot hall of famer' news asked and answered: feb. 13 l.c.'s hof candidacy wasn't impacted by jared allen's election news asked and answered: feb. 11 the 'golden triangle' jerseys were used for the 1966-67 seasons news asked and answered: feb. 6 in every sense, myron cope was one-of-a-kind news asked and answered: feb. 4 pro bowl made the move to flag football because of injury concerns news asked and answered: jan. 30 greenwood has been credited with 73.5 career sacks news asked and answered: jan. 23 fields has handled himself well in his dealings with the media advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!