asked and answered: feb. 20 skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games labriola on asked and answered press releases game notes xtra points game recap opponents on press conference reaction steelers digest steelers en español advertising asked and answered asked and answered: feb. 20 feb 20, 2025 at 06:05 am bob labriola steelers.com copied! let's get to it: larry lash from tarentum, pa: can you tell me how many offensive snaps wr mike williams played after being acquired at the trading deadline? i've been seeing fans complaining about him not getting a chance, but i thought he had ample opportunity to prove himself. i think he's a good receiver, but maybe he didn't know his routes well enough or maybe he wasn't getting separation. can you let me know his snap count and maybe give me your thoughts. answer: mike williams was acquired in a trade with the new york jets, and after coming to the steelers, he appeared in 9 games, with 2 starts, and played 171 offensive snaps. with that playing time, williams was targeted 13 times, and he finished with 9 catches for 132 yards (13.4 average) and 1 td to go along with accounting for 5 first downs. i don't know specifically why williams' production wasn't higher, but based on the state of the steelers' offense down the stretch (no more than 17 points in any of the defeats during the 5-game losing streak), i have trouble believing williams wasn't being targeted on purpose. download and listen to the asked & answered podcast here: apple podcast | spotify todd crum from red bank, tn: with the injuries to troy fautanu and james daniels on the offensive line and then the development of zach frazier and mason mccormick, there will be big decisions before the start of next season. on paper, this looks like a young, strong, and improving part of our team. what would you like to see happen with this group during the offseason? trade one or two for other needs? keep everyone for training camp and have a big competition? or release bigger contracts for more cap space? answer: nate herbig, dan moore jr., and james daniels all are set to become unrestricted free agents in march, and so they're not counting on the salary cap. besides isaac seumalo (roughly $8 million on the cap assuming he makes the 53-man roster) everyone else is either on a rookie contract or a reserve/futures deal, which means money is not an issue as this unit is currently constituted. because of the unrestricted free agent situation, the steelers look to have 5 starting-caliber offensive linemen, and injuries rarely allow 5 to be enough over the course of a full season. the steelers don't have a surplus of offensive linemen, and right now i believe it's easy to make the case they don't have enough offensive linemen. christopher winkler from franklin, pa: a recent submission got me wondering about field setup for international games. obviously most of the venues where the games are played are actually soccer fields repurposed for football. who sets up the field and goalposts and makes sure it is all done correctly? answer: being that international games are now regular season games and count in the standings, the nfl takes over and is responsible for every aspect, from the quality of the playing surface, the setting up of the field, installing the goalposts, hooking up the in-helmet communication systems and the video replay equipment. everything. david hallberg from spartansburg, pa: do you think daniel jones would be better than russell wilson or justin fields? answer: i do not. delmas maynard from dingess, wv: if the steelers don't keep russell wilson, and if matthew stafford is available, then do you think they go after stafford? answer: matthew stafford is under contract to the rams through the 2026 season, and so the first issue to consider is how is he available? would it be via trade, or would it be in the event the rams release him? if it would be via trade, what would the rams require in return? and if stafford would be released, what might other potentially interested teams be willing to offer him? one final thought: you ignored the possibility of the steelers re-signing justin fields, which might be your most significant oversight in proposing your scenario. mark gates from erie, pa: i realize the old saying is that hindsight is 20/20, but i can't help but think what a wasted first-round draft pick the steelers spent on kenny pickett, and how it continues to hurt this team. i know there are several first-round quarterbacks who didn't pan out in the history of the nfl, but since pickett was playing at pitt, and with the inside knowledge and expertise of the steelers staff, this pick reminds me of something the cleveland browns would do. i really thought of this when he was playing in the end of the super bowl as a mop-up. your opinion please? answer: ben roethlisberger retired after the 2021 season, and general manager kevin colbert had announced he was going to retire after the 2022 nfl draft. my memory of that 2022 offseason was that colbert wanted to leave the steelers with some options at quarterback, because after the organizational decision had been made to stick with roethlisberger after his elbow surgery in 2019, the idea was then to try to give him as much as possible to work with in his final couple of seasons with the team. that's why wr chase claypool was the team's first pick (second round) in 2020, why rb najee harris and te pat freiermuth were the first two picks in 2021. in roethlisberger's final season, the other quarterbacks were mason rudolph and dwayne haskins. i believe that's why the steelers made the quick move to sign mitch trubisky when free agency opened in 2022 and then spent that no. 1 pick in the draft on kenny pickett. looking at those quarterback moves in real time: • trubisky was a 27-year-old veteran nfl starter (29-21 record in 4 seasons) who had enough size, arm strength, and mobility within the pocket to have been the 2nd overall pick in the 2017 nfl draft. he was signed to a 2-year, $14.3 million contract with only $5.2 million guaranteed. very reasonable terms for the team. • the steelers viewed pickett as the best quarterback available in the 2022 nfl draft. that didn't mean they saw him as the "next roethlisberger," as a quarterback who could carry a team to the super bowl. he wasn't special from a raw skills perspective, but he had shown some moments in college where he produced for his team in critical situations in big games. looking back now, brock purdy was the best quarterback available in the 2022 nfl draft, and even though he was a bargain as a 7th-round pick, he's not a "carry a team to the super bowl" quarterback either. the draft is not an exact science, and at the nfl level, scouting/evaluating quarterbacks has been proven statistically to be extremely difficult. trubisky showed himself to be a guy more comfortable as a backup. pickett found winning at the nfl level to be way more difficult/complex/nuanced than it was in college, and then when the steelers were able to add russell wilson for the veteran minimum because the broncos were picking up the rest of the tab, and then had justin fields fall into their laps for what ended up being a future sixth-round pick, pickett decided he wanted to "start over" somewhere else instead of stay and learn from the super bowl winning veteran and compete with the ex-11th overall pick who had been unsuccessful (10-28-0) as a 3-year starter in chicago. it is fine to be disappointed with how those moves panned out, but i don't believe all of the outcomes of those moves were foreseeable. but you're right about one thing: hindsight is 20/20. will mcintosh from belleview, fl: my questions has to do with the helmet radio and play-calling. who can talk to the quarterback? is it just the offensive coordinator or just the head coach or a combination of both? and what about a defensive coordinator, if they see a weakness in the opponent's alignment? answer: one coach per team is allowed to communicate directly with the quarterback, and the play-caller is typically that person. if the coordinator is calling the plays, he's talking to the quarterback; if the head coach (andy reid, sean mcvay) is calling the plays, then he's the one with the direct line to the quarterback, and that communication is cut off with 15 seconds left on the play clock. carsten braun from neuwied, germany: great to see the steelers coming to europe/dublin. my question is about cameron johnston: i had high hopes to see very improved punting from the steelers at the start of last season, but then he was injured and done for the season. is it reasonable to assume that he can/will be the punter in 2025? answer: cameron johnston sustained a significant knee injury in the regular season opener, and that required surgery and landed him on the injured reserve list for the rest of the season. the injury was to johnston's right knee, and that's his punting leg. he is diligent in his rehabilitation, but i don't believe there's any way to know definitively at this stage what his status will be for the 2025 season. stefan pisocki from wilmington, de: since moving from the new york city area, i have not followed the trainwreck known as the jets. but i hear they have a wide receiver, garrett wilson, who wants out. i took a look at his stats, 7 touchdowns, over 1,000 yards receiving, and only 24 years old. can the steelers make a george pickens-for-garrett wilson trade happen? would draft picks need to be thrown in? answer: one of the things about fans is they're under the impression that opposing teams are willing to make lopsided trades with their favorite team. garrett wilson was the 11th overall pick of the 2022 nfl draft, and he has 279 catches on 492 targets for 3,249 yards (11.6 average) and 54 touchdowns. george pickens was a no. 2 pick in the 2022 nfl draft, and he has 174 catches on 293 targets for 2,841 yards (16.3 average) and12 touchdowns. the jets have a new head coach and reportedly have told aaron rodgers he won't be brought back, and so i don't see any possibility that they would be willing to trade wilson even-up for pickens. in fact, in my opinion, it only makes sense to give wilson a shot with a new coach and coordinator and quarterback and to give the new coach and coordinator and quarterback an opportunity with a guy who was an 11th overall pick of a recent draft. related content news asked and answered: march 6 austin did some nice things from the slot in 2024 and is still on a rookie contract news asked and answered: march 4 dawson's hall of fame career spanned 1988-2000 news asked and answered: feb. 26 draft capital must be spent in order to acquire top-quality d-linemen news asked and answered: feb. 25 fautanu played 41 games in college, including 28 in 2022-23 news asked and answered: feb. 18 ben has better credentials than eli to be a 'first-ballot hall of famer' news asked and answered: feb. 13 l.c.'s hof candidacy wasn't impacted by jared allen's election news asked and answered: feb. 11 the 'golden triangle' jerseys were used for the 1966-67 seasons news asked and answered: feb. 6 in every sense, myron cope was one-of-a-kind news asked and answered: feb. 4 pro bowl made the move to flag football because of injury concerns news asked and answered: jan. 30 greenwood has been credited with 73.5 career sacks news asked and answered: jan. 23 fields has handled himself well in his dealings with the media advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!