hunter wants to break the mold as two-way player skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games labriola on asked and answered press releases game notes xtra points game recap opponents on press conference reaction steelers digest steelers en español advertising hunter wants to break the mold as two-way player feb 27, 2025 at 06:08 pm dale lolley contributing writer/editor copied! indianapolis - there have been players in the past who dabbled with playing both offense and defense in the nfl over the years but there hasn't been a full-time two-way player since chuck bednarik in the '50s. colorado's travis hunter wants to change that. and he's adamant about doing so. the reigning heisman trophy winner was a standout at both wide receiver and cornerback for the buffalos the past two seasons and he would like the opportunity to do the same thing at the nfl level. "nobody has done it but i feel like i have put my body through a lot," hunter said thursday here at the nfl scouting combine. "i do a lot of treatment. people don't get to see that part. what i do for my body to make sure i'm 100 percent each game. i feel like nobody has done it. i know i can do it. i did it at the college level where you really get breaks. there are a lot more breaks in the nfl." with cornerback donte jackson headed to free agency march 12 when the new league year begins, the steelers could be interested in acquiring a top-notch cornerback to play opposite joey porter jr. but, general manager omar khan said earlier this week the steelers also still haven't closed the door on jackson returning. "we've had a conversation with donte. it was a good experience with donte," khan said. "he got the ball back for us a lot. if i'm not mistaken, i think it was seven times between interceptions and fumble recoveries. but, he's a free agent, so all options are on the table." hunter, however, will probably be long gone by the time the steelers make their first pick in the draft with the 21st selection. hunter had 96 receptions for 1,258 yards and 15 touchdowns as a wide receiver at colorado in 2024. he also had 36 tackles with four interceptions and 11 pass breakups as a cornerback. some teams might view him as a better defensive back, while others might lean toward him being a better wide receiver. hunter, however, just wants to be viewed as a football player who can do both. "i did some meetings at receiver, did some meetings at db, so it's still up in the air," hunter said of the multiple meetings he has had with teams here at the combine. thing is, he might be the best player in this draft at both positions, something that could make him a top-5 pick in april. it also might make him the first-overall pick. "i've got my own unique case that i play both sides of the ball," hunter said of his case for being the top pick. "not that many people in the nfl have done it." but hunter is hardly the only cornerback or wide receiver who will be selected in the first round of this draft. in fact, michigan's will johnson isn't ready to cede being the top cornerback available in this draft. • dale lolley is co-host of "snr drive" on steelers nation radio. subscribe to the podcast here: apple podcast | iheart podcast pittonline@iheartmedia.com "a lot of respect to him," johnson said of hunter. "he won the heisman, did a lot of great things, but i know i'm the best corner in this draft. i'm going to just wait until i get on the field and let my play do the talking." they could have gotten the opportunity to start to settle that argument friday, as defensive backs take the field for their on-field workouts here at lucas oil stadium. but neither hunter nor johnson will work out with the other defensive backs, choosing instead to wait until their respective pro days to do so. in johnson's case, it's because he's still recovering from a turf toe injury that cut his season short. "i physically couldn't cut, couldn't play, couldn't be out there," johnson said. "i did everything i could every day to try to get back. i was there with my teammates in meetings and at practice trying to still be very involved, but just never physically could play." related content news plenty to choose from anticipated offensive line talent, versatility, depth closes combine news skill position players make a big statement rbs, wrs, qbs have strong days at nfl scouting combine saturday news speed on display at the combine the secondary wrapped up workouts for the defense, while tight ends got things rolling for the offense at the combine, and a young steelers fan takes it all in news off and running at the nfl scouting combine the defensive line and linebackers are making an impression at the combine news defensive line takes center stage at nfl scouting combine top prospects show ability to stop run, rush the passer news khan: getting qb situation settled a priority steelers would like to have wilson or fields signed before fa opens news nfl combine: how to watch, listen and follow the nfl scouting combine is underway and we are bringing you full coverage news 2025 nfl combine participants a look at all of the players invited to take part in the 2025 nfl combine news plenty to go around offensive linemen deliver as advertised to close out festivities in indy news the toughest of questions addressed again in indy quarterback evaluations and misinformation part of combine process news checking boxes that matter, recalling minkah fitzpatrick day two in indy emphasizes speed, doing it the way it ought to be done advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!