defensive line takes center stage at nfl scouting combine skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games labriola on asked and answered press releases game notes xtra points game recap opponents on press conference reaction steelers digest steelers en español advertising defensive line takes center stage at nfl scouting combine feb 26, 2025 at 06:03 pm copied! indianapolis - one of the conundrums faced by teams when it comes to drafting defensive tackles is if the player is really good at stopping the run, can he also give a team enough as a pass rusher to now allow himself to be taken out of a game? for example, as good as former steelers nose tackle casey hampton was against the run, opponents could dictate how much he played in a game simply by going to three wide receiver sets and forcing the steelers to match their wide receivers on the field with a nickel defense. finding a nose tackle who also has pass rushing ability is key. the steelers had that in javon hargrove, whom they selected in the third round of the 2016 nfl draft. they feel they could have that in 2023 second-round draft pick keeanu benton, who has manned the team's nose tackle position the past two seasons. but adding another player to that equation who might allow benton to perhaps become a defensive end and not be forced to play nose tackle could be something in which the steelers are interested in accomplishing in the 2025 nfl draft. fortunately, this particular draft has a number of players who might offer that prospect. "this is a really good draft for the defensive line," steelers general manager omar khan said. and topping the list of players who might step in and make an immediate impact for the steelers is michigan defensive tackle kenneth grant. a 6-foot-3, 342-pound defensive lineman, grant offers the flexibility to have the size and run-stuffing ability to be a true nose tackle, while also offering enough athleticism to rush the passer situationally. grant had 6.5 sacks the past two seasons for the wolverines. "i'm a 3-down player for sure," grant said here wednesday at the nfl scouting combine. "i can rush the passer with my strength and a little bit of finesse in there. most guys think i'm just a run-stopper, but i'm super athletic and can rush the passer." he'll get an opportunity to put that athleticism on display thursday when the defensive linemen take the field at lucas oil stadium for their on-field workouts. the steelers haven't selected a defensive lineman in the first round of the draft since taking cam heyward with the 31st pick in 2011. if they want a player such as grant, they would likely have to take him with their first-round pick this year, which is 21st – if he lasts that long. "i met with the steelers," grant said of his interviews here in indianapolis. "very serious. they want competitors. they want dudes that are ready to go." another such player in whom the steelers showed interest is oregon defensive tackle derrick harmon. harmon (6-5, 310 pounds) transferred from michigan state to oregon last season and recorded 45 tackles and 5 sacks. also considered a first-round talent, he also had a formal meeting with the steelers and head coach mike tomlin here. "that's a great guy," harmon said of tomlin. "that's a guy you can sit down and have an hour talk with, two hour talk with, talk ball, talk live. just a great guy to talk to." those are two potential first-round defensive tackles, while walter nolen of mississippi and michigan's mason graham also fall into that category. beyond that, as khan said, the draft is deep with defensive line prospects. • dale lolley is co-host of "snr drive" on steelers nation radio. subscribe to the podcast here: apple podcast | iheart podcast pittonline@iheartmedia.com nfl.com draft analyst daniel jeremiah said he has 24 defensive linemen available this year whom he has graded as potential starters. last year, that number was 12. with heyward now 35 and the way the steelers finished the season, allowing more than 200 yards rushing to the ravens in a late season loss and then again in the postseason, adding defensive line depth is a must. "it starts with stopping the run, and we didn't do that down the stretch," team president art rooney ii said at his season-ending press conference. "we need to figure out how we get stronger. hopefully with a defensive front." related content news plenty to choose from anticipated offensive line talent, versatility, depth closes combine news skill position players make a big statement rbs, wrs, qbs have strong days at nfl scouting combine saturday news speed on display at the combine the secondary wrapped up workouts for the defense, while tight ends got things rolling for the offense at the combine, and a young steelers fan takes it all in news off and running at the nfl scouting combine the defensive line and linebackers are making an impression at the combine news hunter wants to break the mold as two-way player cornerback or wide receiver, colorado star wants to be the best news khan: getting qb situation settled a priority steelers would like to have wilson or fields signed before fa opens news nfl combine: how to watch, listen and follow the nfl scouting combine is underway and we are bringing you full coverage news 2025 nfl combine participants a look at all of the players invited to take part in the 2025 nfl combine news plenty to go around offensive linemen deliver as advertised to close out festivities in indy news the toughest of questions addressed again in indy quarterback evaluations and misinformation part of combine process news checking boxes that matter, recalling minkah fitzpatrick day two in indy emphasizes speed, doing it the way it ought to be done advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!