khan: getting qb situation settled a priority skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games labriola on asked and answered press releases game notes xtra points game recap opponents on press conference reaction steelers digest steelers en español advertising khan: getting qb situation settled a priority feb 25, 2025 at 12:05 pm dale lolley contributing writer/editor copied! indianapolis - after the steelers lost their final five games, including a playoff defeat at the hands of the ravens, steelers general manager omar khan said tuesday the team has plenty of work to do this offseason after that disappointing finish. that process begins to heat up this week at the nfl scouting combine, as the steelers get a look at the 329 prospects on hand here at lucas oil stadium. and with just two weeks until the new league year begins march 12, the clock is ticking on some important decisions the team needs to make moving forward in an attempt to correct the issues that derailed the steelers in 2024. "the way we ended was unacceptable," khan said tuesday of the team's finish in 2024. "i'm just as disappointed as everyone else. and i can tell you we are working hard to fix that and make sure it doesn't happen again." the first step in that process will be figuring out who the team will have at quarterback in 2025. all three quarterbacks – russell wilson, justin fields and kyle allen – the team had on its roster in 2024 are scheduled to become unrestricted free agents march 12, and khan said getting at least one or perhaps some combination of those players under contract before then is a priority for the team. "we went into this understanding that we had three quarterbacks in the last year of their deal, and here we are," khan said. "until we get one of those guys, or two of those guys, or some combination of them signed, all options are on the table. we have had conversations with both russ' people and justin's representatives, and we'll see where that goes." wilson and fields combined to start all 17 games for the steelers in 2024, with fields starting the first six games while wilson recovered from a calf injury and wilson handling the duties after that. the steelers acquired wilson, 36, at the start of free agency a year ago, while fields was brought in via a trade with chicago after the team dealt kenny pickett to philadelphia. "we would like to sign one of the guys that we had last year, but the reality is, they're both free agents," khan said. "so until we get one of those guys under contract, you know, all options are on the table." that would include exploring options for trades or signing another veteran starter in free agency because who the steelers have at quarterback will affect other decisions the team makes this offseason. because of that, khan would rather have a quarterback signed sooner rather than later. "it's an ideal scenario you'd like to have this done before, before the start of the league year," khan said. "obviously, that impacts who you sign, impacts the type of receiver you may go after or how you build the rest of the team. so all that has an effect." wilson, 36, completed 63.7 percent of his passes and threw for nearly 2,500 yards in his 11 starts, tossing 16 touchdowns with five interceptions. he also ran for two scores. fields, who turns 26 march 5, had 1,106 passing yards and five touchdown passes with one interception in his six starts, also rushing for five scores. bringing at least one of the two back would allow the steelers to have some continuity after completely swapping out their quarterback room before the 2024 season. "you don't want to go with three new quarterbacks every season," khan conceded. "that's not ideal, but that's just really where we're at right now. you know, since ben (roethlisberger) retired a couple years ago, he was our franchise guy for a lot of years. and until we have that right person there, it's hopefully not like that. but we're going have to have to have some flexibility." what the steelers do at quarterback also affects what they might do in terms of their own roster. khan said he had a good exit meeting with wide receiver george pickens, who blossomed as the team's no. 1 wide receiver in 2024. pickens is entering the final season of his rookie contract. "i can tell you that he has a desire to be great," khan said. "he has a desire to be great here. we have a desire for him to be great and to be great here with respect to the contract. but you know, we won't discuss that publicly, and usually those things are addressed at a later date." khan also said he has had talks with the agent of pending free agent running back najee harris about a possible return, while he expects fellow running back jaylen warren, who is slated to be a restricted free agent, to return in 2025. that said, one of the deeper positions in the 2025 nfl draft is running back. "it's a good running back class, for sure," khan said. "it's an exciting group. we haven't closed the door on naj. we have had conversations with doug henderson, his representative. so all options are on the table." the steelers also have some potential losses coming in free agency, as well. two of the team's opening day starters on their offensive line, left tackle dan moore and right guard james daniels, are slated to become free agents march 12. but having selected five offensive linemen in the past two drafts, khan feels they have potential options already on the roster to replace those players. broderick jones, a first-round pick in 2023, has started the past two seasons at right tackle, but will be given a shot at left tackle in 2025. "i'd say it's a safe assumption that going into this you know that he'll be the left tackle," khan said. meanwhile, 2024 fourth-round draft pick mason mccormick moved into the starting lineup early in the season when daniels suffered a torn achilles' tendon and held down that spot. "it was awesome," khan said of mccormick's rookie season. "mason came in, a small-school guy. this was not too big for him. and i love his progression. and i think the future is bright for him, and he gives us good options at the position." the steelers also would like to beef up their defensive front, especially after being gashed for 299 yards in their playoff loss to the ravens. "we know we weren't good enough down the stretch," khan said. "fortunately, we have the resources from a cap standpoint to address and maybe in free agency. and, there's maybe some trade candidates out there. and this draft is a really good draft for the defensive line." related content news plenty to choose from anticipated offensive line talent, versatility, depth closes combine news skill position players make a big statement rbs, wrs, qbs have strong days at nfl scouting combine saturday news speed on display at the combine the secondary wrapped up workouts for the defense, while tight ends got things rolling for the offense at the combine, and a young steelers fan takes it all in news off and running at the nfl scouting combine the defensive line and linebackers are making an impression at the combine news hunter wants to break the mold as two-way player cornerback or wide receiver, colorado star wants to be the best news defensive line takes center stage at nfl scouting combine top prospects show ability to stop run, rush the passer news nfl combine: how to watch, listen and follow the nfl scouting combine is underway and we are bringing you full coverage news 2025 nfl combine participants a look at all of the players invited to take part in the 2025 nfl combine news plenty to go around offensive linemen deliver as advertised to close out festivities in indy news the toughest of questions addressed again in indy quarterback evaluations and misinformation part of combine process news checking boxes that matter, recalling minkah fitzpatrick day two in indy emphasizes speed, doing it the way it ought to be done advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!