steelers hall of honor museum | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games steelers hall of honor museum | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com about the museum located in acrisure stadium, the steelers hall of honor museum is dedicated to promoting, preserving and celebrating steelers football. the hall of honor museum is home to over 50 inductees and over 10,000 square feet of steelers history. the museum provides opportunities for fans to learn more about the franchise, view rare artifacts preserved by the team, and relive the biggest moments and people in steelers history. a portion of the proceeds go to the art rooney scholarship fund. interactive exhibits the walk through each decade of the franchise is accompanied by interactive videos, music, and calls to learn more about each moment and player. the broadcast booth is sure to be a favorite as fans make their stamp on a historic steelers play call. historic archives collected from 90 years of steelers football, fans can view each of the six championship rings, artifacts and game worn uniforms from some of the greatest plays in nfl history and more. hall of honor perhaps the highlight of the tour is the hall of honor that houses the bronzed football of each of the hall of honor members, over 50 on display. visitors also have the opportunity to learn about each member through touch screen kiosks that include bios, photos, and videos on the inductees. new additions the museum will feature a new rotating exhibit highlighting the 50th anniversary of super bowl ix, where the team won their first world championship, and the 1974 nfl draft that produced five future hall of famers. this interactive display includes a photo op with an oversized super bowl team photo, highlights, quotes, and stats about the '74 team and season, and to highlight the display - the super bowl ix lombardi trophy for fans' viewing pleasure. other additions include personalized interactive features for fans and a new 'hope harvey' display, paying homage to the team which was the beginnings of the modern-day steelers. the team was founded by art rooney, and he was a players-coach. hours of operation the steelers hall of honor museum is located above the steelers pro shop at acrisure stadium and accessible via the gate b suite entry. fans can visit the steelers hall of honor museum year-round, wednesday-monday, from 11 a.m. - 4 p.m. the museum is closed on tuesday, and dates and hours are subject to change without notice. the tour fee is as follows: adults - $18, seniors (62+)/military - $15, children (ages 6-17) - $12, and children ages 5 & under - free. a portion of the proceeds benefit the art rooney scholarship fund. for more information on tours, group tours and booking, visit steelers.com/museum , or email museumandtours@acrisurestadium.com . art rooney scholarship fund a portion of the museum proceeds are donated to the art rooney scholarship fund, which was established in memory of the late founder of the steelers. the scholarship annually provides a grant to a north catholic high school student and funds the pittsburgh promise scholarships for two students graduating from pittsburgh high schools. for more information or to schedule tours, call us at 412-697-7150 and press "5". or email us at museumandtours@acrisurestadium.com . club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!