steelers asked and answered archive | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games labriola on asked and answered press releases game notes xtra points game recap opponents on press conference reaction steelers digest steelers en español steelers asked and answered archive | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com asked and answered archive asked and answered: march 6 austin did some nice things from the slot in 2024 and is still on a rookie contract asked and answered: march 4 dawson's hall of fame career spanned 1988-2000 asked and answered: feb. 26 draft capital must be spent in order to acquire top-quality d-linemen asked and answered: feb. 25 fautanu played 41 games in college, including 28 in 2022-23 asked and answered: feb. 20 williams played 171 offensive snaps in 9 games with pittsburgh asked and answered: feb. 18 ben has better credentials than eli to be a 'first-ballot hall of famer' asked and answered: feb. 13 l.c.'s hof candidacy wasn't impacted by jared allen's election asked and answered: feb. 11 the 'golden triangle' jerseys were used for the 1966-67 seasons asked and answered: feb. 6 in every sense, myron cope was one-of-a-kind asked and answered: feb. 4 pro bowl made the move to flag football because of injury concerns asked and answered: jan. 30 greenwood has been credited with 73.5 career sacks asked and answered: jan. 23 fields has handled himself well in his dealings with the media asked and answered: jan. 21 qbs usually get too much credit for wins, too much blame for losses asked and answered: jan. 16 wilson and fields are part of a group of 25 pending free agents asked and answered: jan. 14 fautanu will be classified as a second-year pro in 2025 asked and answered: jan. 11 back in 1972, a saturday game made nfl history asked and answered: jan. 9 this is what it can look like in the pocket for wilson asked and answered: jan. 7 lynn swann never was voted steelers mvp, but neither was jack ham asked and answered: jan. 4 a super bowl ix patch was worn on oct. 20 vs. the n.y. jets asked and answered: jan. 2 faneca had ward present him for induction in 2021 asked and answered: dec. 31 the hoh museum will be open each day of the upcoming weekend asked and answered: dec. 24 there have been 2 christmas day games in franchise history asked and answered: dec. 21 diontae and gentry were the players drafted as a result of the ab trade asked and answered: dec. 18 when harris, bleier both rushed for 1,000, no o-linemen went to the pro bowl asked and answered: dec. 17 a pk was voted steelers mvp by his teammates just once, in 1983 asked and answered: dec. 15 steelers have had problems vs. the eagles, but wilson hasn't asked and answered: dec. 12 in the last 6 weeks, donte has more 'catches' than diontae asked and answered: dec. 10 in the 1970s, noll won 4 super bowls but no coach of the year awards asked and answered: dec. 8 heating elements used by the home team must be provided to the visitors asked and answered: dec. 5 rooney always was about favoring policies that grew the nfl asked and answered: dec. 3 the criteria for nfl's comeback player award has been changed asked and answered: dec. 1 it was easier for stewart to be 'slash' since he was the no. 4 qb asked and answered: nov. 28 there's nothing to 'hear' about players who are on injured reserve asked and answered: nov. 26 williams has been playing since being acquired, just not getting targeted asked and answered: nov. 21 skowronek's playing time was tied to his blocking as a slot receiver asked and answered: nov. 19 young players sometimes require patience, but the payoff can be worth it asked and answered: nov. 17 the nfl and nflpa set a fine schedule and communicate it to the players asked and answered: nov. 14 blount was blamed and benched in the 1974 afc championship game asked and answered: nov. 12 there are rules regulating the use of audio in stadiums during games asked and answered: nov. 10 using the tunnel near the south end zone is part of gameday entertainment asked and answered: nov. 7 the contracts were reasonable for trade deadline acquisitions asked and answered: nov. 5 watt puts his hand on the ground to get-off on the snap to get after the qb asked and answered: oct. 31 smith was hired to be the special teams coordinator in 2013 asked and answered: oct. 28 mccaskey called 'heads' in 1970, and the steelers got bradshaw asked and answered: oct. 24 in his career, watt has had 40 games without a sack and 28 multi-sack games asked and answered: oct. 22 wilson's performance validates tomlin's decision to give him a chance to play asked and answered: oct. 20 there was no inactive list in 1976 when franco and rocky were injured asked and answered: oct. 17 a 'matchup cb' like porter jr. needs a running mate for the scheme to succeed asked and answered: oct. 15 in 1962, the new logo was put on only one side of the helmet as a visual test asked and answered: oct. 13 great coaches like noll and shula never went ballistic on the sideline asked and answered: oct. 10 trading diontae got the steelers a quality starting cb in jackson asked and answered: oct. 8 minkah in the deep middle helps keep a lid on the opponent's passing attack asked and answered: oct. 6 after crying for smash-mouth, fans now begging for 'pass-first' asked and answered: oct. 3 the plan to deal with impeding free agency is to draft a replacement asked and answered: oct. 1 greene's no. 75 was retired at halftime of a game vs. baltimore in 2014 asked and answered: sept. 29 herbig joins watt in the starting lineup with highsmith injured asked and answered: sept. 26 killebrew has played snaps on defense, but none so far this season asked and answered: sept. 24 kruczek was 6-0 as a rookie starting qb filling in for bradshaw in 1976 asked and answered: sept. 22 impact of new kickoff rules shouldn't be judged until the weather turns cold asked and answered: sept. 19 lebeau's zone-blitz once was the most effective way to pressure the qb asked and answered: sept. 17 alternating offensive linemen within a game has been done before asked and answered: sept. 15 this isn't the first time with multiple wpmoy winners on one team asked and answered: sept. 12 a rundown of penalties, yardage assessed during kickoff weekend asked and answered: sept. 10 boswell's most recent punting experience came in college at rice asked and answered: sept. 8 holmes' catch in super bowl xliii is 1 of 6 that were outstanding asked and answered: sept. 5 1 of cam's 2 career ints came in 2021 vs. fields and the bears asked and answered: sept. 3 noll's inaugural season was more a continuation than a disappointment asked and answered: aug. 29 arthur knows as much about atlanta as atlanta knows about him asked and answered: aug. 27 stewart as a qb was 'slash' because he played a different position asked and answered: aug. 24 in the case of jefferson, media reported the reason he was traded asked and answered: aug. 22 being voted first-team all-pro would come with a big statistical jump asked and answered: aug. 20 it remains to be seen how washington will be used in the new offense asked and answered: aug. 17 shell was a big hitter, but he also was a ballhawk with 51 interceptions asked and answered: aug. 15 polamalu's pick-6 iced win over ravens in 2008 afc championship game asked and answered: aug. 13 trice is getting more practice reps as camp has progressed asked and answered: aug. 9 the numbers on the front of the jersey will help with the name on the back asked and answered: aug. 6 in more ways than one, being elected to the hof is a numbers game asked and answered: aug. 1 enjoying camp should not depend solely on getting autographs asked and answered: july 30 pouncey's hof candidacy is an interesting issue asked and answered: july 25 both bleier and harris missed the 1976 afc championship game load more club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!