pittsburgh steelers tickets | 2025 nfl tickets & schedule | ticketmaster your browser is not supported. for the best experience, use any of these supported browsers: chrome , firefox , safari , edge . skip to main content us united states selected, change country hotels sell gift cards help vip ticketmaster home page concerts sports arts, theater & comedy family more toggle search bar search sign in/register home sports football nfl pittsburgh steelers tickets football pittsburgh steelers tickets save pittsburgh steelers to favorites go to reviews 4.5 rating: 4.5 out of 5 based on 986 reviews schedule gallery about faqs reviews fans also viewed schedule 2 results show events in list view show events in calendar view location current location dates all dates change date range: all dates games home away all games games in united states no date yet open additional information for chicago, il soldier field chicago bears vs. pittsburgh steelers chicago, il soldier field chicago bears vs. pittsburgh steelers find tickets chicago, il soldier field chicago bears vs. pittsburgh steelers lineup chicago bears pittsburgh steelers venue soldier field no date yet open additional information for cincinnati, oh paycor stadium cincinnati bengals vs. pittsburgh steelers cincinnati, oh paycor stadium cincinnati bengals vs. pittsburgh steelers find tickets cincinnati, oh paycor stadium cincinnati bengals vs. pittsburgh steelers lineup cincinnati bengals pittsburgh steelers venue paycor stadium advertisement gallery can they make deebo laugh⁉️ | deebo vs. dad jokes | 2024 pittsburgh steelers schedule release video coach mike tomlin on rookie minicamp: 'really important weekend for us' 2023 schedule release show darnell washington, nick herbig and cory trice jr. on rookie minicamp mic'd up sights and sounds: week one win over the cincinnati bengals about official ticket marketplace of the pittsburgh steelers pittsburgh steelers history the fifth-oldest franchise in the nfl, the steelers were founded on july 8, 1933, by arthur joseph rooney. one of the great pioneers of the sports world, art rooney, or "the chief," is enshrined in the pro football hall of fame. originally named the pittsburgh pirates, they were a member of the eastern division of the 10-team nfl. the steelers have won eight conference championships, 24 division championships and six super bowl championships. they became the first nfl team to win six super bowl championships when they defeated the arizona cardinals in super bowl xliii, and are tied with the new england patriots for the nfl team with the most super bowl wins. many legendary players have worn the steelers jersey over the years, including terry bradshaw, jerome bettis, ben roethlisberger, hines ward, franco harris, and troy polamalu, among others. with the hiring of lowell perry in 1957, the steelers became the first nfl team to hire a black assistant coach. they were also the first team to have a black super bowl mvp when franco harris won the honor in 1975, and they were the first to hire a black coordinator with tony dungy in 1984, and the first female full-time athletic trainer with ariko iso in 2002. pittsburgh steelers team info conference: afc division: north year founded: 1933 team colors: black, gold mascot: steely mcbeam team rivals: baltimore ravens , cincinnati bengals , cleveland browns pittsburgh steelers at acrisure stadium attendance at the 68,400-capacity acrisure stadium has been sold out for almost every home game since its inauguration in 2001. the team has played a total of 14 playoff games at the stadium, winning eight. situated along the ohio river, the stadium was designed with the city's steel production history in mind, which led to the inclusion of 12,000 tons of steel into construction. learn more about acrisure stadium here . faqs is there a 2024-25 pittsburgh steelers schedule release video? the pittsburgh steelers schedule release video was uploaded on may 15, 2024. in the video, various players try to make former steelers linebacker james "deebo" harrison break character and laugh. you can watch the clip here . where can i view the pittsburgh steelers' 2024-25 schedule? the schedule for the pittsburgh steelers' 2024-25 regular season can be found on the team’s website . what are the big games in the 2024-25 pittsburgh steelers' schedule? the pittsburgh steelers' 2024-25 regular season kicks off in september at mercedes-benz stadium in atlanta, georgia against the atlanta falcons. in the final week of the regular season, the steelers will play at home against the cincinnati bengals. here’s a list of key games to keep an eye on: 09/08 @ atlanta falcons 11/17 vs. baltimore ravens 11/21 @ cleveland browns 12/21 @ baltimore ravens 12/25 vs. kansas city chiefs (christmas day) week 18 vs. cincinnati bengals when can i buy steelers tickets? steelers tickets are available for purchase on ticketmaster. you can browse a wide selection of nfl tickets at ticketmaster, the official ticket marketplace of the steelers. if tickets for a game are sold out, additional seats may become available closer to the game, so keep checking back. how can i buy pittsburgh steelers tickets last minute? you can purchase pittsburgh steelers tickets at the last minute from ticketmaster, including verified resale tickets for sold-out games. and if you’re the type to make a game-time decision, great news—you can buy nfl tickets up to 60 minutes after kickoff. where can i buy pittsburgh steelers tickets? tickets for the 2024-25 regular season can be purchased on ticketmaster, the official ticket marketplace of the pittsburgh steelers. where can i see seating for acrisure stadium? check out the acrisure stadium seat map here . who are the pittsburgh steelers’ biggest rivals? the steelers’ biggest rivals are the baltimore ravens , cincinnati bengals , and cleveland browns . have the pittsburgh steelers been to the super bowl? the pittsburgh steelers have reached the super bowl championship eight times and have won six titles (1975, 1976, 1979, 1980, 2006, and 2009). they’re tied with the new england patriots for the most super bowl wins in the league. how long is the steelers’ season ticket waiting list? while information is not made public regarding how many people remain on the waitlist for pittsburgh steelers season tickets, fans have reported getting off the waitlist after being on it for nearly 20 years or longer. fans can sign up for the waitlist for steelers season tickets here . reviews 986 4.5 rating: 4.5 out of 5 based on 986 reviews write a review best day of my life opening day 2024 by howie d on 1/4/25 rating: 5 out of 5 been a steeler fan since i was 9 years old back in 1974. went to my first steeler game on opening day 2024 with my 2 sons and best friend. only got to see game until half time as my friend who got out of the hospital 5 days before game got sick again. but what a great time. everyone i met were fantastic. win or lose the steelers will always be my team. i will be back one day. awesome vibe in the stadium.... by canadian carol on 12/26/24 rating: 5 out of 5 great vibes & everyone was great december 25th, 2024 pittsburgh & kc chiefs ... even though we steelers didn't win good experience.  seats where great too sec131 row e seats 5-6-7-  :) love pittsburgh love my steelers by +15085560165 on 11/27/24 rating: 5 out of 5 pittsburgh steelers!  section 134 • row e ,seat 1-4  (dec 08 vs. cleveland browns) (dec 25 vs. kansas city chiefs)  games available!! awesome! by sissy36 on 10/23/24 acrisure stadium - pittsburgh rating: 5 out of 5 heinz field (i refuse to call it by the current name) is one of the most beautiful nfl venues. the atmosphere was magical and the fireworks plus the military & 1974 player honors was truly an experience!!  whether day or night, it’s a must go! great experience! by jay3 on 8/12/24 acrisure stadium - pittsburgh rating: 5 out of 5 the game that we attended was a very good experience. the seats were great and accessing the tickets was very easy. steelers got the w by brock walker on 6/10/24 rating: 5 out of 5 we waited last minute to get the tickets and that was the right move. we got on the 35 yard line with great seats and was only like 150 each. it was a great experience and the feel of the game was much better than the one i went to at carolina. fun things to do, historic stuff everywhere, and great fun. i went to the dec 23 game where george pickens went off with 4 rec 195 yards and 2 touchdowns. great experience overall and definitely recommend ticketmaster almost game time!! by burgirl on 5/16/24 rating: 5 out of 5 spending the day buying tickets to the falcons game!  this is my 85th year, always a steeler fan, so i'm looking forward to seeing all the games either in person or on tv. go steelers! love pittsburgh love my steelers!!! by ched ian riley lersch on 5/14/24 rating: 5 out of 5 gooo steelers nation 2024 and beyond!!! tj watt d mvp!!! one of the best times i've had in pittsburgh by scoot on 5/5/24 acrisure stadium - pittsburgh rating: 5 out of 5 man we had an awesome time it was so cool to get down on the field and the locker room i got my jersey signed and a picture taken with rocky bleier just a great experience can't wait for next year amazing!!!!!! by sam on 5/1/24 acrisure stadium - pittsburgh rating: 5 out of 5 event was fantastic being able to go around the whole stadium it was an amazing experience!!!! i love the pittsburgh steelers thank you so much this was unbelievably amazing. page 1 of 50 next page 2 last page 50 fans also viewed monster jam billy joel kevin hart dave matthews band beyoncé pittsburgh penguins maroon 5 chris stapleton ticketmaster footer navigation ticketmaster logo let's connect (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) download our apps (opens in new tab) (opens in new tab) by continuing past this page, you agree to our terms of use helpful links help/faq sell my account contact us gift cards refunds and exchanges do not sell or share my personal information get started on ticketmaster our network live nation house of blues front gate tickets ticketweb universe nfl nba nhl about us ticketmaster blog ticketing truths privacy policy ad choices careers ticket your event innovation friends & partners paypal allianz aws purchase policy privacy policy cookie policy manage my cookies and ad choices © 1999-2025 ticketmaster. all rights reserved.