steelers seat transfers | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games tickets home 2025 renewal steelers account manager mobile ticketing buy tickets student rush gameday gameday experience travel package season ticket holders group tickets & hospitality suites wait list season ticket terms advertising steelers seat transfers | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com seat license transfer requests to complete a private transfer of your stadium seat license, please read the transfer request policy below and complete the required transfer forms provided on this page. transfer requests will not be completed by our office until all required transfer forms and documents are received. transfer requests will not be accepted via phone, email or fax. seat license transfer request policy 1. transfer forms – transfer requests must be submitted on a pittsburgh steelers seat license transfer form. transfer requests will not be accepted by phone or email. 2. transfer fee – as of may 1, 2010, there will be a $50 transfer fee for each transfer request, payable by check or money order only. checks/money orders should be made payable to the pittsburgh steelers. *as of june 15, 2019, in the case of death of the season ticket holder of record, the $50 transfer fee does not apply. 3. completed forms – the transfer form must be completed in its entirety. incomplete transfer forms will be returned to the transferor. 4. one transferee per request – only one transferee can be named on a transfer form. if you are transferring seat licenses to more than one transferee, a separate transfer form must be submitted for each transferee. 5. signatures and photo identification – the transfer form must be signed and dated by the current license holder (as transferor) and by the person to whom the seat license is being transferred (as transferee). transferor and transferee must each submit a current and valid copy of his/her driver's license or another form of government issued photo identification. 6. transferor's account must be current and in good standing – in order to qualify for a seat license transfer, transferor's account must be current and in good standing with no outstanding balances. transfer requests will not be processed until the pittsburgh steelers have received full payment of all outstanding balances due on transferor's account. 7. transferee seat license agreement – the transfer will not be completed until transferee signs and returns a new seat license agreement which will be issued in transferee's name, a new account number is assigned to transferee, and the transfer is recorded on the books of the pittsburgh steelers. transferee will be notified in writing when the transfer is effective. until the effective date, transferor will remain the holder of the seat license(s). 8. obtaining transfer forms - transfer forms can be obtained by downloading the pdf version of the pittsburgh steelers seat license transfer form . 9. credit card balance refunds – credit balances remaining in discontinued accounts will be refunded to transferor within six (6) to ten (10) weeks of transfer completion. the pittsburgh steelers will not transfer money between accounts. 10. responsibility for ticket delivery – for transfer requests received after season tickets have been sent to the current license holder, the pittsburgh steelers will not be responsible for delivering tickets to the transferee. the pittsburgh steelers shall have no liability for claims of entitlement to tickets as between transferee and transferor. 11. date limitations of transfer request submissions –transfer requests for the current season must be submitted prior to april 15 of that year. all transfer requests submitted after the deadline will not take effect until the following season. 12. limitation on number of transfers per year – a seat license may not be transferred more than once per calendar year, except in the case of death of the license holder or at the sole discretion of the pittsburgh steelers. 13. no joint-ownership of seat licenses – there shall be no joint-ownership of any seat license. there may only be one license holder for a given seat at any given time. 14. transfer resulting from death of a seat license holder – in addition to all other items required for processing a transfer request, the following requirements must be met: (1) a certified copy of the death certificate of the deceased license holder must be submitted; (2) the transfer form must be signed by the executor/executrix of the deceased license holder's estate or the administrator of the deceased license holder's assets; and (3) the executor/executrix/administrator must submit official evidence of his/her capacity. in the case of an executor/executrix, a short certificate, bearing a raised seal, must be submitted; in the case of an administrator, letters of testamentary, letters of administration, or a decree from orphans' court, bearing a raised seal, must be submitted. 15. transfer of seat licenses owned in business name – for seat licenses held in the name of a corporation, partnership or sole proprietorship, the transfer form must be signed by an authorized official of transferor and must be accompanied by appropriate legal documentation (e.g., corporate resolutions, partnership authorizations, merger papers, officer's certificate) showing his/her authority to transfer ownership of the seat licenses. 16. handicap accessible or wheelchair seating – transfer requests involving handicap accessible or wheelchair seating must be designated as such on the transfer form and will be handled by the steelers on a case-by-case basis. 17. estimated time for completion of the transfer process – please allow at least six (6) to eight (8) weeks from the time transfer request processing begins for the transfer request to be completed. 18. stadium tours unavailable – the pittsburgh steelers will not conduct or permit stadium tours related to the transfer of seat licenses. 19. changes in transfer policy – the terms and conditions of this transfer policy, restrictions and guidelines are subject to change without notice. seat license transfer request form (updated feb. 25, 2020) [pdf] advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!