steelers community programs | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español community hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games community programs 50/50 raffle acrisure community advantage paving the way sacks for kids steelers stem vebt relief appearance requests donation requests training camp visits youth football advertising steelers community programs steelers community programs american heart association the steelers, the nfl and the american heart association (aha) partner on the play 60 challenge, a health and fitness program that incorporates physical activity for middle school students into daily classroom and after-school activities. the steelers also support the aha's annual heart walk. art rooney scholarship fund the art rooney scholarship fund was established in memory of the late founder of the steelers, who died in august of 1988 after living most of his life on the north side. the scholarship annually provides a grant to a north catholic student and funds the pittsburgh promise scholarships for two perry high school students. since its beginning, the scholarship has awarded grants to more than 80 local students. the annual gatorade/steelers 5k race, fitness walk and kids’ kickoff run is the major fundraiser for the scholarship fund. the event features a 3.1-mile level course on the north side highlighted by a spectacular finish inside of the stadium. crucial catch the nfl, its clubs, players, and the american cancer society are committed to the nfl's crucial catch mission to fight cancer through early detection and prevention. the steelers are continuing to support breast cancer awareness and participate in numerous initiatives. steelers players will be supporting the cause when they wear crucial catch sideline gear, including hats, hoodies, and t-shirts during the crucial catch game in october. the team recognizes local breast cancer survivors in a pregame ceremony and pink terrible towels are distributed to all fans at the game by upmc volunteers. as part of the steelers' breast cancer awareness activities, players who have a loved one affected by the disease serve as chefs in a healthy cooking demo at upmc magee-womens hospital. in attendance are breast cancer survivors and their families who enjoy the players' efforts in the kitchen. catholic youth association the steelers organization annually supports the art rooney award dinner, named for the team's founder, art rooney, sr. the annual event raises money for the catholic youth association programs and honors members of the pittsburgh community that have shown leadership, outstanding work in media and service. for more than 80 years, catholic youth has served the most vulnerable members of our community, children, and the elderly. upmc children's hospital of pittsburgh steelers players visit upmc children's hospital of pittsburgh to bring a smile to kids who are battling health issues. players participate in various events for patients and their families, including parties in the atrium and the free care fund telethon. children's hospital also receives proceeds from the 50/50 raffle at a steelers home game. chuck noll foundation pittsburgh steelers team president, art rooney ii, announced the establishment of a new foundation, the chuck noll foundation for brain injury research, to support continued research and education regarding brain injuries and treatment of sports-related concussions. the steelers organization helped launch the foundation with an initial contribution of $1 million. the chuck noll foundation for brain injury research will fund research which it believes is the most promising in the area of sports-related concussions and related conditions. greater pittsburgh community food bank steelers players and head coach mike tomlin annually donate and distribute thanksgiving turkeys for more than 600 needy families in the pittsburgh area. heroes at acrisure stadium the steelers annually partner with local military charities for a special evening at acrisure stadium for military service members. participants try out their football skills with the help of current steelers players. the players enjoy the opportunity to thank the "true heroes" for their service to ensure our continued freedom. ​the heyward house the heyward house was started in 2015 by steelers defensive end cameron heyward to support pittsburgh youth through a variety of programs and partnerships. the heyward house supports foster love project, urban impact, pittsburgh public schools, and many other causes. holy family institute-pittsburgh steelers courage house each year a steelers player is chosen as the ed block courage award winner. this award recognizes a player who has shown courage either coming back from an injury or life-altering situation. in partnership with the holy family institute, the steelers host a luncheon at acrisure stadium which is chaired by greta rooney, wife of art rooney ii. the luncheon serves as a fundraiser for holy family institute to continue their work in providing support through their community programs and education. latino heritage month the nfl and its clubs are committed to celebrating the stories that elevate latino culture, inspire and propel youth toward their dreams, and build a unified path to greatness through sport. the nfl and hispanic heritage foundation have partnered for several years to recognize and celebrate hispanic and latino excellence in and around the nfl community. in 2023, peter gonzalez, a standout football player at central catholic high school in pittsburgh, won the inaugural nfl latino youth honors. all 32 teams nominated a local youth to represent their team, and gonzalez was the steelers nominee, and then the finalist who represented the afc north. he received scholarship money for college and an invitation to the nfl latino youth honors ceremony during super bowl week. the steelers also nominated deanna perez hall and carmen vasquez, who were honored during a steelers home game. in previous years, hispanic and latino excellence in the community were recognized with the nfl hispanic heritage leadership award. the steelers have recognized local community members betty cruz, president and ceo of world affairs council pittsburgh, melanie marie boyer, executive director of pmahcc and edgar morales, student success specialist at latino community center. make-a-wish the steelers organization works closely with make-a-wish to grant wishes. the wish experiences include meeting favorite players, a behind-the-scenes look at the steelers practice facility and tickets to a home game. my cause my cleats pittsburgh steelers players participate in the nfl's my cause my cleats initiative. the initiative encourages players to wear specially designed cleats during gameday to support charitable organizations. players participating in the program spotlight a cause close to their hearts during a home and away game. nfl walter payton man of the year the team's walter payton man of the year award is given annually to a player who best represents the late chicago running back's commitment to community. rock steelers style fashion show the team's annual fashion show features current players and their families modeling clothing from local and national retailers. the show is chaired by greta & art rooney and kiya & mike tomlin, with two current steelers players serving as co-captains. proceeds benefit the upmc sports medicine concussion program, cancer bridges, and the chuck noll foundation. rookie club the rookie club enables the new players to work as a group in order to gain confidence in their ability to interact with the community as pittsburgh steelers. it is an introduction to community service during the players' first year with the team and provides a sense of camaraderie. salute to service the salute to service initiative is dedicated to honor, empower, and connect with our nation's service members, veterans and families and is recognized during the whole month of november across the national football league. each year, a player presents banners to military veterans that will hang along art rooney avenue during the team's salute to service game. fans have the opportunity to write cards to service members, veterans and military families as part of the red cross holiday mail for heroes program. amongst many military related activities during the game, halftime brings together the five branches of the military for a fun on-field competition with each branch playing for military charities. salvation army - project bundle-up players and their families annually take disadvantaged children shopping for winter outerwear as part of the salvation army's project bundle-up program. patricia rooney, wife of the late steelers chairman dan rooney, and joe dinardo, retired wtae-tv weatherman, are founders of the program. a steelers coach or player has served as the host of the event since its inception. steelers alumni weekend each year the team reunites a group of former players for alumni weekend. the weekend includes a fundraising dinner on saturday night to benefit the upmc sports medicine concussion program. the dinner is highlighted by the alumni sharing stories of their playing days and a silent auction. on game day the players are introduced to the fans at halftime. steely mcbeam mascot steely mcbeam makes appearances at training camp, home games and numerous charitable events. for more information, visit  united way the steelers annually host the united way's campaign kickoff at halftime of a preseason game, featuring three corporate participants in a field goal competition. the winner presents the united way with its first campaign donation of the year. a steelers united way spokesman visits local corporations to encourage support of the annual campaign. urban impact foundation the urban impact foundation (uif) is a faith-based, nonprofit corporation which fosters christian community development on pittsburgh's north side. one of the outreaches is through athletic programs and events. many steelers players participate in a football clinic held by uif on pittsburgh's north side each summer. head coach mike tomlin participates in the annual manup pittsburgh conference which encourages local men to be better fathers and role models. veterans / military at each home game, veterans and active military personnel are honored for their service to the united states. color guards, representing all branches of the military, are present at each home game. advertising club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!