pittsburgh steelers youth | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com skip to main content open menu button primary nav schedule team news video photos fans dublin game en español hall of honor museum snr podcasts history alumni women of steel youth steelers nation unite en español steelers ireland auf deutsch community stadium shop tickets search action related nav tickets pro shop watch live nfl games pittsburgh steelers youth | pittsburgh steelers - steelers.com our mission is to encourage participation and promote the game of football to boys and girls in the region and provide support and education to players and coaches with camps, clinics and conferences throughout the calendar year. content & coverage gallery photos: girls flag football jamboree the pittsburgh steelers hosted a girls flag football jamboree at the upmc rooney sports complex on sunday, february 23 video watch: 2025 girls flag football jamboree recap the steelers held a girls flag football jamboree and flag football coaches clinic on sunday news batch elected to national high school football hof former steelers quarterback charlie batch was selected as a member of the national high school football hall of fame as a member of the class of 2025 news brown is steelers flag player of the year moon area quarterback shayln brown is the steelers girls high school flag player of the year video watch: 2024 steelers high school football showcase recap watch a recap of all of 2024's steelers high school football showcase game of the week news steelers honor their 2024 high school coach of the year avonworth high school football coach duke johncour is the steelers high school coach of the year, and the team's nominee for the don shula nfl high school coach of the year youth explore our events and initiatives pertaining to our youth fans ages 14 & under! each year, we host a fun & exciting day for families at one of our preseason home games, featuring face painting, mascots, interactive games and more! learn more our steelers phys ed program brings football to the classroom! we've teamed up with local schools to bring football and fun directly to kids grades k-5. students participate in non-contact football drills & learn all about the black & gold, all while being physically active! learn more our kids halloween event features a trick-or-treat trail through acrisure stadium with some of our current players and lots of fun costumes! learn more we offer 4 camps each summer for kids ages 6-14 to experience positional coaching, compete in flag football tournaments & hear from steelers themselves! learn more high school explore our events and initiatives pertaining to our fans ages 14 & up! we're recognizing high schools athletes who go above & beyond on the field & in their communities. high school administrators in the pittsburgh area can nominate student athletes to be recognized on steelers social and on field at a game, talk with steelers players and receive a $1,000 donation for their school's athletic program! learn more each week of the season, we honor a high school football coach who has had a big win, does extraordinary work in their community, or has a lasting impact on their student athletes. learn more we're always looking for girls in pittsburgh-area high schools to compete in our flag football season each spring. teams go head-to-head each week, ending in a series of championship games featuring appearances by current steelers! learn more want to play college sports? it all starts with the ncaa eligibility center! registration is free and is the first step toward becoming an ncaa student-athlete. register for free the nike next ones program honors the best high school football players from around the country with an invitation from nike and the nfl to compete in a skills challenge and experience behind-the-scenes action. learn more each week of the season, we're bringing you the best in high school football action. tune in to kdka+ every friday night for the featured game! learn more powered by fedex, shell polymers, and u.s. steel, the steelers stem education program offers students across western pennsylvania opportunities in science, technology, engineering, and math. since 2019, over 18k students have completed the online curriculum, totaling 25k+ learning hours. learn more we host the annual 'powering pittsburgh' championship at acrisure stadium as part of our steelers stem program. high school students from western pennsylvania present sustainability plans, with the top three teams earning donations for their schools' stem programs. learn more community requests we're looking to get involved with our fans! explore the ways we can help support your organizations and events. we want to help make your youth or high school football banquet even more special and memorable for your players. register below for your chance to have a current or former steelers player serve as your keynote speaker! learn more the pittsburgh steelers want youth football programs to be top-notch, allowing the space for future professional athletes to learn, grow, and perform at their best. if your organization is looking for support, please fill out the application to submit your request. apply now steely mcbeam wants to be part of your next event! from community engagement to sporting events and more, steely is sure to bring the black & gold fun. submit your request for his involvement below. submit request partners presenting: supporting: club links club links team team home roster depth chart coaches standings stats injury report transactions front office staff draft central news news home press releases asked and answered labriola on steelers en español media only site video video home steelers live interviews sights & sounds press conferences around the locker room scouting report steelers en español photos photos home practice pregame game action karl's top pics community schedule schedule home current season schedule event calendar tickets tickets home account manager buy tickets nfl ticket exchange gameday experience steelers fan travel season tickets wait list sbl marketplace seat transfers view from your seat clear bag policy fan zone fan zone home steelers official mobile app contests and promotions event calendar steelers podcasts steelers en español acrisure stadium stadium home clear bag policy book an event directions parking seating chart security guidelines disability services stadium tours history history home hall of honor museum hall of honor hall of fame super bowls community community home community programs youth high school football showcase youth football camps nfl clubs nfl clubs afc north afc east afc south afc west nfc north nfc east nfc south nfc west more nfl sites more nfl sites nfl football operations nfl shop nfl on location pro football hall of fame licensing usa football nfl extra points nfl ticket exchange nfl experience times square download the official app download apps © 2025 pittsburgh steelers. all rights reserved legal privacy policy terms of use accessibility contact us site map ad choices your privacy choices cookie settings preference center big left arrow icon big right arrow icon close icon copy url three dots icon down arrow icon email icon email icon exit fullscreen icon external link icon facebook logo football icon facebook logo instagram logo snapchat logo youtube logo tiktok logo spotify logo linkedin logo grid icon key icon left arrow icon link icon location icon mail icon menu icon open icon phone icon play icon radio icon rewind icon right arrow icon search icon select icon selected icon tv icon up arrow icon user icon audio icon add to calendar icon nfc icon afc icon nfl icon carousel icon list view website instagram twitter facebook snapchat shop icon profile overlay avatar add airplay arrow left arrow right arrow up arrow down audio back 5s back 10s back 30s calendar chart check down left right up chromecast off chromecast on close closed captions bench off bench on broad off broad on vertical off vertical on comment dock done download draft fantasy filter forward 5s forward 10s forward 30s full screen off full screen on gamepass games insights key leave live combine draft fantasy menu games menu network menu news menu playoffs menu pro bowl menu shop menu standings menu stats menu super bowl menu teams menu tickets menu more horizontal more vertical my location network news pause play multiple players single player playlist playoffs pro bowl purge refresh remove search settings share android share copy url share email share facebook share instagram share ios share snapchat share twitter skip next skip previous standings star stats swap teams tickets video visibility off visibility on volume hi volume low volume medium volume mute warning website caret down caret up at news play audio gallery promo chevron right the browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. it is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. the following browsers are supported: chrome, edge (v80 and later), firefox and safari. got it!