‎pittsburgh steelers on the app store apple store mac ipad iphone watch vision airpods tv & home entertainment accessories support 0 + app store preview pittsburgh steelers 4+ yinzcam, inc. designed for ipad 4.0 • 1.3k ratings free screenshots ipad iphone apple watch description welcome to the pittsburgh steelers official mobile app! if you are a fan of the black & gold, this is the app for you. the steelers official mobile app puts you one touch away from stats and team information. it also acts as a perfect game day companion with easy access to game audio streams, video highlights, game photos and more. that is all in addition to daily editorial and video coverage of the 6-time super bowl champions. please note: this app features nielsen's proprietary measurement software which contributes to market research, like nielsen's tv ratings. please see  for more information. what’s new nov 20, 2024 version 6.7.4 - updated ticketmaster sdk - gamecenter updates - general bug fixes ratings and reviews 4.0 out of 5 1.3k ratings 1.3k ratings by keven heart , 05/01/2022 love i love this app but it got some problems like i think you should be able to watch the video more than once because if you miss it then you can’t watch it again so please do something about that thanks tideturner58 , 12/16/2020 score updates so this should be something that is easy to fix.  the app itself is fantastic in my mind...it’s a one-stop shop for all things steelers!  i don’t have any issues with stability, content, etc. my issue is with score updates.  sometimes i’m not able to watch the game, and i love getting score updates. but why oh why do you only push notifications when the steelers score??  i get that we should be happier when that happens, but let’s be real!  so here’s what i see : steelers: 7, bills: 9 halftime. “okay, i say, that’s okay we got this.  next update: touchdown!! “yes! i say! here we go! we’re in the lead now!!” steelers: 15, bills: 23.  “wait, whaaaaat???” does anyone else see a problem with this? avidgolfer2 , 10/23/2021 app is broken - game day challenge does not allow me to answer all 16 questions!! the app is broken an will not let me answer all 16 questions….this has been an issue all season….the needs fixed asap!! the 1st 8/questions are already answered and i can not change them….i can on,y answer questions 8 tgeob16 so i am only given the chance to answer half of the questions so i am not getting all of the possible points….one week, it would not let me answer any questions…..i tried logging out and shutting down and logging in again but it still does not work….. app privacy the developer, yinzcam, inc. , indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. for more information, see the developer’s privacy policy . data used to track you the following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies: location identifiers usage data other data data linked to you the following data may be collected and linked to your identity: location contact info user content identifiers usage data other data data not linked to you the following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: diagnostics privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. learn more information seller yinzcam inc. size 157.9 mb category sports compatibility iphone requires ios 16.0 or later. ipad requires ipados 16.0 or later. mac requires macos 13.0 or later and a mac with apple m1 chip or later. apple watch requires watchos 9.0 or later. apple vision requires visionos 1.0 or later. languages english, spanish age rating 4+ location this app may use your location even when it isn’t open, which can decrease battery life. copyright © 2016 yinzcam, inc. price free app support privacy policy app support privacy policy supports wallet get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place. more by this developer new orleans saints sports washington wizards sports capital one arena mobile entertainment phantoms365 sports washington mystics mobile sports kyle field tv control app sports you might also like pittsburgh penguins sports snp 360 - sportsnet pittsburgh sports cleveland browns sports buffalo bills mobile sports baltimore ravens mobile sports philadelphia eagles sports copyright © 2025 apple inc. all rights reserved. internet service terms app store & privacy cookie warning support more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. choose your country or region copyright © 2024 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map