tickets | pittsburgh penguins | pittsburgh penguins skip to main content tickets team news schedule navigation menu photos video scores stats community fans game day shop league help nhl.com create a memorable game night for your family, friends and clients with penguins premium seating! from suite, loge and club season tickets to unique vip experiences, let our team craft the perfect package for you! ice-level suites twenty (20) tickets in the first five rows on the glass access to a private bunker lounge adjacent to the penguins locker room upscale dining options access to lexus club, f.n.b. club and captain morgan club request more info executive suites sixteen (16) tickets in an executive suite on the pnc legends level food and non-alcoholic beverages included three (3) ppg paints arena parking garage passes access to lexus club, f.n.b. club and captain morgan club request more info buy now club and lexus loge boxes four (4) or eight (8) tickets in a loge box one (1) ppg paints arena parking garage pass for every four seats purchased access to lexus club, f.n.b. club and captain morgan club request more info buy now ppg party suites forty (40) tickets in an oversized party suite located in the single attack end on the pnc legends level food and non-alcoholic beverages included five (5) ppg paints arena parking garage passes access to lexus club, f.n.b. club and captain morgan club request more info betrivers ledge private, 30-person gathering spot with counters, table tops and endzone view of game dedicated betrivers bar area catering package featuring fan-friendly buffet, beer and wine request more info media deck 30 tickets in the media level party deck offering a bird's-eye view of the ice media level view of the penguins' double attack end where the penguins shoot twice on the opposing goal food and non-alcoholic beverages included access to lexus club, f.n.b. club and captain morgan club private restrooms two (2) ppg paints arena parking garage passes request more info penalty box experience four (4) seats on the glass next to the penalty box in captain morgan club seats watch warmups from the penalty box penguins autographed collectible item for each guest one (1) ppg paints arena surface lot parking pass access to lexus club, f.n.b. club and captain morgan club request more info morgan & morgan gives you more bench experience four (4) f.n.b. club seats watch warmups from the penguins bench penguins autographed collectible item for each guest one (1) ppg paints arena surface lot parking pass access to lexus club, f.n.b. club and captain morgan club brought to you by morgan & morgan america's largest injury lawfirm request more info postgame press conference experience two (2) f.n.b. club seats two (2) guest passes to postgame press conference featuring coach or player photo opportunity at microphone one (1) ppg paints arena surface lot parking pass access to lexus club, f.n.b. club and captain morgan club request more info all-inclusive casamigos club seating in section 109 early entry 90 minutes before puck drop through the highmark gate exclusive access to event level lounge with all-inclusive food, beer and wine buy now founding partners x instagram facebook youtube tiktok linkedin privacy policy contact us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the pittsburgh penguins. the pittsburgh penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of pittsburgh penguins lp. nhl, the nhl shield, the word mark and image of the stanley cup and the word mark nhl winter classic are registered trademarks and nhl stadium series name and logo and the nhl winter classic logo are trademarks of the national hockey league. nhl and nhl team marks are the property of the nhl and its teams. © nhl 2025. all rights reserved. nhl.com terms of service nhl.com privacy policy cookie policy cookie settings copyright policy employment close