know before you go | pittsburgh penguins skip to main content tickets team news schedule navigation menu photos video scores stats community fans game day shop league help nhl.com in addition to enhanced protective measures and contactless features throughout the building, please note the following policies in effect for pittsburgh penguins hockey games. for the health and safety of our fans, staff, and players, it is important we all do our part. please do not attend if you are feeling ill. be sure to download the penguins app to access your mobile tickets. 1. mobile ticketing ppg paints arena is a mobile-only facility. for game entry, a mobile ticket must be displayed on a smartphone. ticket buyers and fans that received forwarded tickets can access their tickets by visiting www.pittsburghpenguins.com/myaccount or the penguins app. if tickets were purchased through ticketmaster.com , we encourage you to download the ticketmaster app. all mobile tickets will feature a rotating barcode. as a result, camera screenshots or paper printouts will not work . if you place your digital ticket in your apple wallet, no barcode will be visible - however, the scanners will detect it! if you do not have a mobile ticket for entry, you will be directed to the dick's sporting goods box office inside the highmark gate for assistance. view mobile ticketing procedures 2. all bags are prohibited no bags will be permitted in ppg paints arena. exceptions, after inspection, will be made for: medical bags diaper bags wristlets or wallets (no larger than 4" x 6" x 1.5") if carrying an item that requires screening, please be sure to enter the designated door at each gate. 3. cashless transactions ppg paints arena is now a cashless venue. credit and debit cards as well as apple/google pay are accepted. a reverse atm will be available to convert cash to a pre-paid visa card. this service is free of charge to fans. cards can be used anywhere, not just ppg paints arena. cards have no expiration date. any amount from $1-500 can be put on the cards. it is possible to verify the card balance. reverse atms can be found in the following locations: highmark lobby, f.n.b. club, captain morgan club, sections 106, 119, 206 and 234. 4. official nhl fan code of conduct policy the national hockey league and its member clubs are committed to creating a safe and comfortable environment and enjoyable entertainment experience. nhl fans have a right to expect an environment in which they will be treated in a consistent, professional and courteous manner by all arena, team and national hockey league personnel. the players and officials have the same rights. see full fan code of conduct 5. hockey etiquette as a show of hockey etiquette, and as a courtesy to others, we ask that you wait until there is a stoppage of play before leaving or returning to your seat. also, please refrain from leaning forward, as it may obstruct the view of others seated behind you. for the comfort and safety of your fellow fans, please keep aisles clear. standing behind the last row of seats is prohibited unless designated by a standing room only ticket. for additional game day information, please visit ppg paints arena's faq and a to z guide or call 412.642.1800 during normal business hours (monday-friday, 8:30 am-5:00 pm). founding partners x instagram facebook youtube tiktok linkedin privacy policy contact us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the pittsburgh penguins. the pittsburgh penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of pittsburgh penguins lp. nhl, the nhl shield, the word mark and image of the stanley cup and the word mark nhl winter classic are registered trademarks and nhl stadium series name and logo and the nhl winter classic logo are trademarks of the national hockey league. nhl and nhl team marks are the property of the nhl and its teams. © nhl 2025. all rights reserved. nhl.com terms of service nhl.com privacy policy cookie policy cookie settings copyright policy employment close