how to watch games | pittsburgh penguins skip to main content tickets team news schedule navigation menu photos video scores stats community fans game day shop league help nhl.com there are now more ways than ever to watch the penguins play! whether you live near pittsburgh or far away, you can keep up with your favorite team. local fans a majority of games will be available locally on sportsnet pittsburgh (check the schedule page for game-by-game broadcast information) please note: sportsnet pittsburgh is not available to dish network subscribers. new this season - snp 360 sportsnet pittsburgh is proud to introduce fans to snp 360, an all-new app with access to 24/7 snp programming. snp 360 gives fans who live in pennsylvania, west virginia, eastern ohio, and parts of new york and maryland (the sportsnet pittsburgh territory) access to snp’s 24/7 programming via their tv provider or directly with a paid subscription. fans can access 220+ live pittsburgh pirates and pittsburgh penguins games each year, plus snp’s extensive pre- and post-game coverage, hundreds of live college sports games, behind-the-scenes access shows, and more! if you already have snp as part of your tv package, you may already have access to snp 360. log in via your cable provider here . click here to check out snp 360 today! out-of-market fans not able to watch sportsnet pittsburgh? no problem! espn+ (subscription required) will stream the majority of penguins games for out-of-market fans. the espn app is available on ios, android, and all major connected tv device platforms. games broadcast on tnt and nhl network will not be available on espn+. not able to watch a game? no worries! 105.9 the x is the home of the pittsburgh penguins on radio. listen to games on the penguins app, on the iheart website , or over the air! founding partners x instagram facebook youtube tiktok linkedin privacy policy contact us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the pittsburgh penguins. the pittsburgh penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of pittsburgh penguins lp. nhl, the nhl shield, the word mark and image of the stanley cup and the word mark nhl winter classic are registered trademarks and nhl stadium series name and logo and the nhl winter classic logo are trademarks of the national hockey league. nhl and nhl team marks are the property of the nhl and its teams. © nhl 2025. all rights reserved. nhl.com terms of service nhl.com privacy policy cookie policy cookie settings copyright policy employment close