contests and promotions | pittsburgh penguins skip to main content tickets team news schedule navigation menu photos video scores stats community fans game day shop league help nhl.com half off rusty's shake days the milkshake factory is giving penguins fans half off rusty's shake throughout the season! if bryan rust scores a goal, you get half off rusty's shakes the next day. rusty's shake is a chocolate shake with brownies, cookies and cream and hot fudge – topped with a chocolate number 17. *excludes ppg paints arena location more details geico's 4th star of the year geico and the penguins have teamed up to find the most devoted hockey fans and award them with the penguins 4th star of the year. we’ve found our four finalists! learn more about these special fans and help us select the 2025 4th star of the year. vote now highmark blue cross blue shield sweepstakes enter to win a penguins away game trip for two courtesy of highmark blue cross blue shield. the winner will receive two tickets to the pittsburgh penguins game against the dallas stars on saturday, april 6, 2025. the trip includes two (2) lower bowl seats, roundtrip flights for the winner and a guest, a two-night hotel stay, and two pittsburgh penguins jerseys. enter now! getgo enter to win tickets to an exclusive game day experience. ten winners will receive two tickets to the april 13 game against the boston bruins, and a penguins prize pack containing a penguins autographed item. shop 'n save shutout sweepstakes enter today and listen for your name at the start of each radio broadcast. if the penguins post a shutout, you could win a $250 shop 'n save gift card. even if the penguins don't post a shutout, you could still win a $25 shop 'n save gift card. enter now dick's sporting goods jr. starter of the game the dick's sporting goods jr. starter of the game gets to stand next to members of the pittsburgh penguins during the national anthem. to participate in this contest, parents or guardians of a youth hockey player or goalie between the ages of 8 and 12 should submit a brief essay written by their child that explains how they demonstrates the qualities of a jr. starter. enter now coors light hat trick promo coors light is giving penguins fans a chance to stock up on coors light and win their way into a penguins game or receive co-branded gear! when you purchase three (3) or more 24-packs or larger of coors light at a local beer distributor from now through the end of the season, fill out the form found here and attach your receipt. after verifying your purchase, a penguins representative will contact you. enter now the davey tree score for the trees program the pittsburgh penguins and davey tree have partnered to plant trees in the greater pittsburgh area! every goal scored by a penguin on home ice adds a number to the tree counter. the two organizations will work with tree pittsburgh to plant the total number of trees in or around the city to help restore the urban forest in pittsburgh. learn more eat'n park chili goal! 7 goals! get a free cup of chili at participating eat'n park locations if the penguins score 7 goals at home. available the following day, starting at 11am. guests must present mobile ticket in google or apple wallet. one per check, valid for dine-in only with purchase. f.n.b. we're behind every goal as a testament to its dedication to our local community, first national bank has committed to donate $200 to the greater pittsburgh community food bank for every goal the penguins score in throughout 2024.25 season. lexus ultimate goal sweepstakes the lexus ultimate goal sweepstakes will be returning for the 2024.25 season! check back later for details. big mac attack if the penguins score during the first three minutes of the 2nd period of any game during the 2024.25 nhl season, you win a free big mac! should the penguins score, be sure to download your mcdonald's app to receive a free big mac® with purchase. offer is valid for three days following the game where the penguins score on the big mac attack. learn more morgan & morgan gives you more bench experience a chance to win an exclusive, premium experience for you and 3 guests courtesy of morgan & morgan! winners will receive 4 f.n.b club tickets to a 24-25 home penguins game, 4 gift bags containing a penguins autographed item, and the opportunity to watch the penguins warm up right from the home bench! enter now 5 goals magic moment - free magic shine car wash enjoy the magic of a pristine car wash when the penguins score 5 or more goals! valid for 7 days. to redeem, visit the partner perks section of the penguins mobile app. founding partners x instagram facebook youtube tiktok linkedin privacy policy contact us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the pittsburgh penguins. the pittsburgh penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of pittsburgh penguins lp. nhl, the nhl shield, the word mark and image of the stanley cup and the word mark nhl winter classic are registered trademarks and nhl stadium series name and logo and the nhl winter classic logo are trademarks of the national hockey league. nhl and nhl team marks are the property of the nhl and its teams. © nhl 2025. all rights reserved. nhl.com terms of service nhl.com privacy policy cookie policy cookie settings copyright policy employment close