penguins pledge | pittsburgh penguins skip to main content tickets team news schedule navigation menu photos video scores stats community fans game day shop league help nhl.com the penguins pledge is a sustainability initiative which serves as the organization's commitment to improve all efforts of social, economic and environmental sustainability. this initiative is a collaborative effort with key partners with the goal of reducing negative impact on the environment and promoting sustainable practices to help preserve natural resources, while also supporting economic and social development. score for the trees the pittsburgh penguins and the davey tree expert company have partnered to plant trees in the greater pittsburgh area! every goal scored by a penguin on home ice adds a number to the tree counter. the two organizations will work with tree pittsburgh to plant the total number of trees in or around the city to help restore the urban forest in pittsburgh. we have planted 273 trees thanks to all of the penguins home goals scored in the 2022.23 and 2023.24 seasons! "this partnership with the penguins is exciting because it's making pittsburgh a greener space for the residents, businesses, and overall community, which is proven to have tremendous health and economic benefits," said sandra reid, vice president of corporate communications and strategic planning at davey tree. "cities across the country need to expand and reestablish their urban forests, so it's great to be included in pittsburgh's mission to do so, and davey is thrilled to be a part of the process." learn more household hazardous waste chemical collection for the past 4 years, ppg has partnered with the pennsylvania resource council (prc) to host an annual household hazardous waste chemical collection. these events have provided over 1,400 penguins fans and community members with an opportunity to safely discard any household chemicals such as paints, cleaners, and pesticides throughout the years. together, ppg, the penguins, and prc have been able to help safely dispose of 160,000 pounds of chemical waste, keeping the materials out of homes and garages, while diverting them from our soil, air, and water. making a home for bald eagles a pair of bald eagles, named "stella" and "claire" (after u. s. steel's clairton plant) have been thriving on property at u. s. steel's mon valley works irvin plant in west mifflin, pa. u. s. steel shares the beauty of these majestic birds with the community through the installation of live cameras. this is believed to be the first such camera at a steel plant and only the third camera of its kind in pennsylvania. click below to watch a live webcam of u. s. steel’s resident bald eagles click here penguins, ppg paints arena partner with green sports alliance the pittsburgh penguins and ppg paints arena are members of the green sports alliance, an environmentally and socially responsible focused nonprofit organization that convenes stakeholders from around the sporting world. the pittsburgh penguins will collaborate with other green sports alliance members which include professional sports leagues, teams, venues, universities, and corporate partners to support, expand, and promote their sustainability practices. visit greensportsalliance.org for more information. powering our past and pioneering our future have you ever thought about how steel shapes our world? it's not just about towering skyscrapers or massive bridges. steel has been the backbone of our past and it’s essential to a sustainable future. at u. s. steel, we are building the future of steel and we're building it one innovation at a time. we recently turned two diesel locomotives at our mon valley works into eco-friendly, battery-powered machines. the locomotives, which travel within the facilities carrying steel, coke, scrap metal, iron ore, and other materials necessary for production, are expected to reduce airborne particulate matter (pm2.5) emissions by .385 tons - the equivalent emissions of 7,000 gasoline-powered passenger vehicles. as we march towards our goal of net-zero emissions by 2050, every step counts. environmental stewardship isn't just a fancy term for us. it's at the core of everything we do, embedded deep in our s.t.e.e.l. principles. we're talking about a serious commitment to safeguarding our natural resources. after all, our communities, our ecosystems, and heck, our entire planet's future depends on it. indra energy penguins pledge partner and champion sustainability partner indra energy is committed to promoting earth-friendly energy and green causes. our renewable energy plans empower customers to make an impact on their communities. our customers' electricity usage is paired with renewable energy certificates generated from alternative energy sources in the united states, which may include wind, solar, hydro, or any other zero-emission sources that have been qualified as such. our residential natural gas usage will be paired with carbon offsets. in 2022 alone, our customers prevented an estimated 167k+ tons* of carbon from entering the atmosphere just by using our renewable energy plans (*calculated using the epa’s greenhouse gas equivalencies calculator). going beyond energy to make a difference is indra energy’s commitment. we are proud partners of the penguins pledge, and we are actively supporting four forest planting projects across the united states: replanting in the rockies and our national forests, along with replanting on the appalachian trail and restoring forests destroyed by fire. learn more educating the next generation of conservationists - national aviary and eqt partnership thanks to a generous grant from eqt corporation and the eqt foundation, national aviary educators and their flock of ambassador birds went on the road during the 2023.24 school year, bringing the aviary to rural pennsylvania classrooms. the national aviary and eqt’s outreach program, educating the next generation of conservationists, was a tremendous success, teaching concepts in science, technology, engineering, environmental literacy, and sustainability (steels), as well as math, geography, wildlife conservation, and more, free of charge to schools. “the live owl is the best! we learned about owls, predator/prey, nocturnal animals, in kindergarten! they were so excited afterwards, that's all they talked about. it was excellent! i hope this continues every year!”—kindergarten teacher from kiski area school district educating the next generation of conservationists significantly impacts students by providing an engaging, fun science program to thousands of children who are able to apply new information about birds, their native habitats, the environmental pressures they face, and the role that humans play in creating or mitigating these challenges, inspiring conservation action. this is a true partnership between eqt, the aviary, and teachers and school districts in rural counties. learn more penguins, eqt and persefoni team up to meet sustainability goals thanks to eqt, official net zero partner, the penguins are taking further steps to measure and reduce greenhouse gas emissions at ppg paints arena. the penguins are working with persefoni leveraging their advanced carbon accounting tools and expert guidance to measure, manage, and effectively reduce its greenhouse gas emissions. fans can visit the eqt gate at ppg paints arena to follow along. learn more founding partners x instagram facebook youtube tiktok linkedin privacy policy contact us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the pittsburgh penguins. the pittsburgh penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of pittsburgh penguins lp. nhl, the nhl shield, the word mark and image of the stanley cup and the word mark nhl winter classic are registered trademarks and nhl stadium series name and logo and the nhl winter classic logo are trademarks of the national hockey league. nhl and nhl team marks are the property of the nhl and its teams. © nhl 2025. all rights reserved. nhl.com terms of service nhl.com privacy policy cookie policy cookie settings copyright policy employment close