home | pittsburgh penguins foundation menu make a donation menu × signature events 6.6k charity game night of assists summer sticks our pillars community black hockey history month foundation community grants military appreciation pride warrior hockey education future goals pens pals pps all-stars reading champions scholarships science of hockey steam wellness break the ice / hockey talks care mobile cool zone headsup pittsburgh hockey fights cancer mindhacks youth hockey dek hockey little penguins pensfit project powerplay willie o' ree gameday fundraising 50/50 raffle collections foundation auction pens off-ice alumni association current player initiatives wives + girlfriends shop the vault wendell august news community report foundation focus press releases saturday spotlights how we may assist your mission about us make a donation youth hockey grow with the game education excel in the classroom wellness work on your wellness community make an impact grab a stick and hit the ice we foster the growth, accessibility, and sustainability of youth hockey in the tristate area with the goal of sharing the game we love. grow with the game smarter kids make better teammates we provide opportunities for all children to have access to premier learning tools and initiatives to ensure excellence in education . excel in the classroom help build a strong foundation we support health, fitness and awareness initiatives that assist the overall physical and mental wellness of our youth. work on your wellness through the power of hockey we impact our city and region through all that we do, with programming, investments, and partnerships that create a strong community and secure future for children and families. make an impact youth hockey education wellness community our mission to be the champions of all youth in our community, on and off the ice, through the power of hockey. alex nedeljkovic goal and assist commemorative puck on january 17, 2025, alex nedeljkovic made nhl history as the first goalie ever to score a goal and record an assist, in the same game! lend an assist on your own to his milestone goal & assist, with this commemorative wendell august forge puck supporting the pittsburgh penguins foundation’s youth hockey programming and initiatives. get yours now to celebrate history, while supporting the game we love. buy now » penguins charity game on sportsnet pittsburgh on friday, march 21, the annual penguins charity game on sportsnet pittsburgh returns for the 14th straight season! 6,600 penguins charity bags filled with exclusive penguins memorabilia will go on sale online starting at 5:45 pm est to support the pittsburgh penguins foundation and mario lemieux foundation. learn more » st. patrick's day sweepstakes feeling lucky?! enter for your chance to win casamigos club tickets to the march 15 pittsburgh penguins game vs. new jersey devils... the perfect way to celebrate st. patrick's day in style! enter our charitable sweepstakes now until march 11 at 9 pm (est). all proceeds benefit the pittsburgh penguins foundation mission and goals. enter to win » pittsburgh pennies the pittsburgh penguins foundation, along with nhl and nhlpa, have announced a new pittsburgh pennies girls hockey program as part of the team’s ongoing efforts to expand hockey’s accessibility and inclusivity and foster gender equality within the sport. read more » 50/50 raffle presented by betrivers online casino and sportsbook the 50/50 raffle is conducted at every pittsburgh penguins home game with proceeds funding grants for eligible local 501(c)(3) charities who share our foundation’s mission. check winning numbers » get social check out the @pensfoundation instagram for our latest efforts to give to the community through the power of hockey! visit now » featured program 30,500 baseline tests since 2010 funded by the penguins foundation since 2010, the pittsburgh penguins foundation and upmc sports medicine have teamed up to create and expand a unique program, headsup pittsburgh, to combat an epidemic of concussions in young athletes. read more » featured story penguins to celebrate women’s history during the month of march february 18, 2025 the pittsburgh penguins and the penguins foundation, with the support of 84 lumber, will celebrate women’s history in the month of march.   the month-long celebration kicks off with the public voting for the empowerher grant, presented by 84 lumber. the empowerher grant aims to highlight local,… read more published on february 19, 2025 // foundation staff follow our  instagram @ pensfoundation on friday, march 21, the annual penguins charity game on sportsnet pittsburgh returns for the 14th straight season! 6,600 penguins charity bags filled with exclusive penguins memorabilia will go on sale online starting at 5:45 pm est to support the pittsburgh penguins foundation and mario lemieux foundation. elevate your penguins fan cave with this season's penguins charity bag. check out what’s in this year’s charity bags now! connect with us pittsburgh penguins foundation donate today » about us our board our community report our mission our pillars our team signature events 6.6k run & family walk charity game night of assists summer sticks support the foundation donate now 50/50 raffle foundation auction shop the vault wendell august collection connect contact us facebook instagram linkedin twitter youtube quick links birthday & anniversary requests donation requests iceburgh requests pittsburgh penguins customer service upmc lemieux sports complex one chatham center, suite 300				  /   pittsburgh, pa 				  /   (412) 255-1952 info@pittsburghpenguinsfoundation.org /   copyright © 2025 pittsburgh penguins foundation				  / privacy policy / terms of use