official pittsburgh penguins website | pittsburgh penguins skip to main content tickets team news schedule navigation menu photos video scores stats community fans game day shop league help nhl.com privacy policy effective date: december 22, 2022 pittsburgh penguins lp and its affiliates, including, but not limited to, team lemieux llc, lemieux group lp, and wbs hockey lp (collectively, the "penguin parties," "we," "us," and "our") offer you the websites,  and  ("websites") as well as the official pittsburgh penguins mobile application ("app") and online offerings, social media pages, and any website or mobile application controlled by us and to which we link this privacy policy (collectively, the "services"). this privacy policy applies to the services as well as to the personal information we receive separate from the services (such as information related to ticket and merchandise transactions) and combine with the information we collect through the services. please read the following description of our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information and the rights you may have in relation to that information. information collection and use we and our agents, representatives, and partners collect and use your personal information for the purposes described below. "personal information" means any information that identifies a natural person. generally, we process personal information with your consent; in conformance with our legitimate business interests in maintaining the security and integrity of the services, enforcing our legal rights, reviewing the use and performance of our websites and applications, performing quality assurance of our customer service operations, and improving and developing products and services; and to comply with legal obligations. we retain the personal information we collect as described below in this privacy policy. information you submit through the websites and other interactions with us . we collect any personal information you submit through the websites and other interactions with us. for example, we collect personal information when you provide it to sign up for newsletters, request customer service or information, post comments, or otherwise interact with us through the services. we also receive the personal information that you provide to us by mail, email, telephone, or during in-person conversations, which we may combine with other information lawfully maintained in our contact database. the personal information may include name, contact information, information about your family members, and the nature of the request. we use this information to complete your requests, to comply with our obligations to the national hockey league's (nhl) requests, to provide customer service, to improve our products and services, to improve and personalize the content, marketing, and offers we provide to you, and to contact you about our products and services. the processing of your personal information for these purposes is based on your consent or on our legitimate interests. surveys . we may invite you to participate in surveys, and we receive any information you provide when participating in those surveys. the personal information we may request includes name, organization name, email address, telephone number, address, birthdate, ticket account number, gender, marital status, license plate number, county of residence/employment, photographs, and/or social media usernames. we use the information to improve our products and services, to improve and personalize the content, marketing, and offers we provide to you, and to contact you about our products and services. the processing of your personal information for these purposes is based on your consent. events, contests, sweepstakes, and offers. we request personal information, such as your name, organization name, email address, telephone number, address, birthdate, spouse's and children's names and birthdates, ticket account number, military status, and/or social media usernames when you choose to participate in an event, contest, sweepstakes, or offer. we use this information to contact you about the event, contests, sweepstakes, and offers for which you sign up. the processing of your personal data for this purpose is based on your consent and our performance and your participation in the event, contest, or sweepstakes under the applicable rules, and if you do not provide the requested personal information, you will not be able to participate in the event, contest, or sweepstakes. we also use the information, with your consent, to improve our products and services, to improve and personalize the content, marketing, and offers we provide to you, and to contact you about our products and services. with our partners. we sometimes perform surveys, events, contests, sweepstakes, and offers in coordination with our partners. when we do so, the submission form you use to participate or to sign up for those activities will indicate the relevant partner organizations. when you submit personal information through the submission forms, we (the penguin parties) and our partners will receive the information and treat it according to our respective privacy policies. this privacy policy will apply to our use of the information, and we are not responsible for how our partners use the information collected from your submissions. our partners publish their own privacy policies that apply to their data collection and use. information you submit through the app. we have engaged a third-party vendor, yinzcam, to supply the app to you. the information collected through the app may include your name, email address, and address that you submit when you register to use the app, join the penguins points program, or redeem penguins points. we may combine the information we receive from the app with other information we have about you to develop a better understanding of your interests, so we can improve our products and services and improve and personalize the content, marketing, and offers we provide to you. the processing of your personal information for these purposes is based on your consent or on our legitimate interests. purchase and payment information. we sell tickets, parking passes, merchandise, and other products and services with third-party partners. for example, we partner with nhl.com to sell merchandise online, with aramark to sell merchandise and food and beverages at games and other locations, and with ticketmaster to sell tickets. we receive information from these partners about your purchases, including your name, organization name, address, email address, telephone number, ip address, license plate number, payment information (as described in more detail below), and information about the products and services you purchased. we use payment information to combine the purchase information we receive from various sources with other information we have about you to improve our products and services, to improve and personalize the content, marketing, and offers we provide to you, and to contact you about our products and services. the processing of your personal information for these purposes is based on our legitimate interests. payment card and bank account information. we may receive your payment card or bank account information when you make a purchase via website, email, mail, or telephone. we and our service providers use such payment card and bank account information to complete transactions. the processing of this personal information for this purpose is based on the necessity for the performance of a contract with you or on our legitimate interests. if you do not provide the information necessary to complete a purchase, you will not be able to complete a purchase. we currently work with stripe to process payments, and stripe's worldwide privacy policy is available at  we also receive payment and other transaction-related information when you purchase tickets, parking passes, merchandise, and other goods and services through third parties, such as ticketmaster or the nhl.com store, as described above. we use the payment information to combine purchase information as described above. the processing of payment information to correlate purchase information is based on our legitimate interests. from associated organizations. we may receive your name and contact information when you interact with the penguins practice facility, or the penguins foundation. we may combine this information with other information we have about you to develop a better understanding of your interests, so we can improve our products and services and improve and personalize the content, marketing, and offers we provide to you. from other sources. to improve our products and services and to improve and personalize the content, marketing, and offers we provide to you, we work with third parties to obtain relevant information about you and your online activities, such as demographic, occupation, education, lifestyle, and social media information. we combine this information with the personal information we have about you. the processing of this information for these purposes is based on our legitimate interests. marketing and other informational updates. with your consent and as otherwise permitted by law, we combine and use personal information and other information we receive from and about you to contact you with information from us about our products and services, our partners' products and services, and to notify you periodically about important changes to the services (such as material changes to this privacy policy or notice of a security breach). you may withdraw your consent at any time to marketing messages by unsubscribing from them. withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before the withdrawal. in addition, withdrawing consent from marketing communications does not affect our ability to send you other communications, such as those related to providing services to you or responding to your requests. the processing of your personal information for this purpose is based on your consent or on our legitimate interests. you may opt-out from receiving marketing-related communications by either clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of marketing-related emails we send you or by selecting your preferences here . we will process opt-out requests without undue delay. automatic usage data collection through cookies and similar technologies. when you use the services (e.g., access or use video highlights, video offerings, or chat rooms and bulletin boards, or participate in other events, promotions, and interactive online activities) or open our emails, we and the nhl, advertising networks, social media widgets, and analytics providers collect certain information, including personal information, by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons, and web server logs. the information collected in this manner includes ip address, browser characteristics, device ids and characteristics, operating system version, language preferences, demographic information, information about preferences and interests (e.g., your favorite pittsburgh penguins players), search queries, date and time of your access to the services, referring urls, and information about the usage of our services. we use this information to assess user behavior and the amount of traffic to various parts of our services, to provide you with personalized content and advertising on and off the services and through email, and to prevent fraud. we also provide this information on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our marketing partners and/or to advertisers. for more information about third party cookies, read our cookie policy below. we link this data with other information we have collected from and about you. our service partners may also collect and combine information collected on our services and emails with other information about your activities over time, on other devices, and on other websites or applications if those websites and applications also use the same service partners. our service partners use the information they collect according to their privacy policies. like most websites, we use google analytics to collect and process certain website usage data for the above purposes. to learn more about google analytics and how to opt-out, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. please note that this website is part of nhl.com, and the nhl and its partners may collect or permit others to collect information on this website, over which we have no control. this privacy policy does not cover or describe their use of cookies and similar technology to collect information from and about you. you may prevent cookie and other automatic data collection by changing browser settings to block and delete cookies when you access the services through a web browser. however, if you do that, the services may not work properly. the services do not respond to browser do-not-track signals. learn more about our online advertising practices in the online advertising section below. the processing of your personal information for these purposes is based on your consent and on our legitimate interests. online advertising. we use industry standard website tracking and delivery technology to show you advertising on the services and other websites and online services about our products and services tailored to your individual interests based on information we receive from and about you through your use of the services, other interactions with us, and from third parties. we use ad networks to target our advertising to users through the use of click-stream, demographic, behavioral, and contextual information. the third-party ad networks and advertisers on the services collect and use this information subject to their own privacy policies. you may opt-out of receiving personalized advertisements on this browser or device from advertisers or other advertising networks that are members of the network advertising initiative or subscribe to the digital advertising alliance's self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising by visiting the opt-out options of each of those organizations. links to those websites are here: network advertising initiative:  digital advertising alliance:  the processing of your personal information for this purpose is based on your consent or on legitimate interest grounds. legal and similar disclosures . we will access, preserve, and disclose your information to the extent we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; respond to your requests; comply with the law; enforce our terms and conditions; or protect your, our, or others' rights, property, or safety. anonymization. in some situations, we e anonymize the information collected through the services and use and disclose it for business purposes, including improving our marketing and promotional efforts, analyzing usage and downloads, improving our content and product offerings, and generally improving the services and better tailoring them to meet our visitors' needs, in which case, such information is not considered personal information under this privacy policy. information sharing we do not disclose personal information about you except as described in this privacy policy. we do not rent or sell your personal information, although we share personal information with partners so they can send you marketing offers and we permit online advertisers to collect and use your personal information as set forth above. sharing with nhl parties we may share ticketing and other information about you with other members of the national hockey league family ("nhl family"). for example, we may share ticketing and other information about you with the national hockey league and nhl interactive cyberenterprises, llc, including so that they can conduct analysis to better understand nhl fans and fan engagement across the nhl family, including its member clubs. nhl family may also use and share insights to enable the nhl, including its member clubs, to customize and improve their services, advertising and communications. third party service providers and vendors. we share the personal information we collect with our service providers and vendors so they can provide their services to us. for example, we share information with certain vendors to complete requests from website forms, to fulfill, customize, and deliver products and orders, to send postal mail, email, and text messages, to perform data analytics, to provide marketing assistance, to detect fraudulent orders, to process credit card payments, to collect on delinquent accounts, and to provide customer service. our policy is to only provide your personal information to such agents for the purposes of providing their services to us. however, certain third parties, such as payment gateways, payment transaction processors, and ad networks have their own privacy policies with respect to the information they receive. for these vendors, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which they will handle your personal information. to complete requests. we will disclose information to third parties to complete your requests. for example, we share personal information with third parties who coordinate events, manage youth hockey, and operate the pittsburgh penguins foundation in order to respond to your requests. internally among penguin parties. we disclose the personal information we collect from and about you among the penguin parties (including our affiliates and subsidiaries) to fulfill obligations to you and to operate the services consistent with the privacy policy and applicable law. social media networks and users. you may choose to share or publish information about your activity on the services with other websites and online services, including social media. when you do this, we will share the requested information as well as associated information, including technical information about your activity on the services. merger, sale, or other asset transfers. to the extent permitted by applicable law, if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, securitization, insuring, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be disclosed in connection with the negotiation of such transaction, and/or sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. with your permission. we may also disclose your information with your permission. where information is processed the information that we collect through the services will be transferred to and processed in the united states for the purposes described in this privacy policy. we also may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data with, third parties in the united states or countries other than your country of residence. the data protection laws in these countries may be different from, and less stringent than, those in your country of residence. we have appropriate measures in place to protect your personal information, such as internal obligations to comply with the eu standard contractual clauses when we receive personal information from individuals in the eu. you may contact us at [email protected] to request a copy of the safeguards we have in place. links to third parties the services contain links to websites and other online services, such as nhl.com, ticketmaster.com, and others, that are not operated by the penguin parties. these third parties may collect information about you through the use of their own cookies and web beacons, may independently collect data or solicit personal information, and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party websites and mobile apps, and we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on each website or mobile application that you use. security we maintain appropriate and reasonable organizational and technical measures for the protection of the security, confidentiality, and integrity of personal information against loss or unauthorized access, use, modification, or deletion. however, no security program can ever be guaranteed to be 100% secure. consequently, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. if we learn of a security breach, we will comply with all applicable law to notify you about the breach so that you can take protective steps. retention of information we consider several factors to determine how long we keep personal information. we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. once we no longer have a need for your personal information, we will securely destroy it in accordance with our standards and applicable laws and regulations. information accuracy and your rights while we take various steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of your personal information, we rely upon you to provide accurate and complete personal information when interacting with us. you may request access and amendment to the personal information we have about you. we will take steps to respond to your request. in some limited circumstances, we may not be able to grant you access to your information, for example, if doing so would threaten the security or privacy of another individual. all persons in the scope of the general data protection regulation whose personal information is processed by the penguin parties have the legal right to request: (i) access, (ii) rectification (iii) erasure, (iv) restriction of processing, (v) object to processing, and/or (vi) data portability of their personal information. any such requests should be submitted to [email protected] . if you are in the eu, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with an eu supervisory authority. however, if you have a complaint regarding the processing of your personal information, we kindly request that you first contact us directly as indicated in the contact us section of this privacy policy, and we will reply promptly. your california privacy rights california law allows california residents who have provided their personal information to us to request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information (if any) to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding year. if applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared such information in the immediately preceding calendar year. if you are a california resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to [email protected] . children's privacy the services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under the age of 13. we recommend that persons over 13 but under 18 years of age ask their parents for permission before using the services or sending any information about themselves to anyone over the internet. from time to time, we may offer children the opportunity to enter promotions or contests via the services. in those cases, our collection of the children's information will be limited for the purposes of administering the promotions or contests. our policy is to only collect children's information when we have verifiable parental consent or are otherwise permitted by law. all questions about our policies related to children's personal information and our personal information sharing practices should be directed to [email protected] . enforcement if you submit an inquiry or complaint to us, we will contact you regarding your concerns. when necessary, we will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the handling of personal information that cannot be resolved between you and the penguin parties. changes to privacy policy without prejudice to your rights under applicable law, the penguin parties reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of our services, or advances in technology. we will make the revised policy accessible through the services, so you should review the policy periodically to ensure your familiarity with its terms. if we make a material change to this privacy policy, you will be provided with appropriate notice, and we will seek your consent to the updated policy in accordance with legal requirements. if you do not agree to the changes to this privacy policy, you should request deletion of your personal information by contacting us at [email protected] . miscellaneous none of nhl ice, nhl enterprises, l.p., nhl enterprises canada, l.p., nhl enterprises b.v., the national hockey league and its other member clubs, nor any of their respective officers, directors, governors, owners, other officials, partners, partnerships, principals, employees, affiliates and other related entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, have any control of, or responsibility or liability for, the penguin parties' use, disclosure, storage or transmission of any information the penguin parties collect through the services. contact us the data controller for the services is the organization listed below. if you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this privacy policy or would like more information on our personal information practices or the choices you have with regard to your data, please send us an email at [email protected] or write to us at: lemieux group lp attn: privacy compliance ppg paints arena 1001 fifth avenue pittsburgh, pa 15219 founding partners x instagram facebook youtube tiktok linkedin privacy policy contact us pittsburghpenguins.com is the official website of the pittsburgh penguins. the pittsburgh penguins and pittsburghpenguins.com are trademarks of pittsburgh penguins lp. nhl, the nhl shield, the word mark and image of the stanley cup and the word mark nhl winter classic are registered trademarks and nhl stadium series name and logo and the nhl winter classic logo are trademarks of the national hockey league. nhl and nhl team marks are the property of the nhl and its teams. © nhl 2025. all rights reserved. nhl.com terms of service nhl.com privacy policy cookie policy cookie settings copyright policy employment close