official site of the national hockey league | nhl.com skip to main content news video scores navigation menu schedule stats standings players fantasy nhl unites teams shop shop nhl shop auctions jerseys men women kids photos.com nhl shop - nyc get nhl credit card tickets en english français deutsch suomi svenska čeština slovenčina español cookie policy last updated and effective date: february 7, 2025 the nhl family ("we", "our", or "us") and its partners use cookies and similar tracking technologies (collectively, "cookies") on websites, apps, and other online services that link to or display this policy (collectively, the "sites"). this cookie policy explains how we use cookies and how you can control them. you may also be able to adjust your cookie preferences on applicable sites as described below. for purposes of this cookie policy, the "nhl family" includes (1) nhl interactive cyberenterprises, llc, and its affiliates, including nhl enterprises, l.p, nhl enterprises canada, l.p., and the national hockey league; (2) nhl foundation u.s., inc. and nhl foundation canada (collectively (1) and (2), the "nhl"); and (3) the national hockey league member clubs . for more information on the nhl's privacy practices, including those relating to the information we may collect automatically when you visit our website, the transfer of personal information outside of your jurisdiction, and your rights, such as to access and correct personal information and to withdraw consent, please visit the nhl privacy policy . the sites include the official sites and apps of the member clubs of the national hockey league that are part of the nhl.com website and the nhl mobile app ("member club services") to the extent those sites or apps link to or display this policy. you should review the applicable member club's privacy policy (accessible here ) and any supplemental cookie policy or disclosures it provides for more information about its privacy practices with respect to a member club service. this cookie policy does not apply to the nhl shop websites, which are operated by our partner fanatics retail group north and its affiliates. what are cookies? the types of cookies used on our sites may include: browser-based cookies, pixels or web beacons, software development kits ("sdks"), and similar technologies. browser cookies are small data files sent from our website servers and stored on your device or browser that enable the nhl family and its partners to help recognize your browser across different web pages, websites, and browsing sessions. pixels (or, web beacons) are small, transparent images or snippets of code, also known as "tracking pixels" or "page tags," embedded in websites, apps, or emails that can be used to collect information about your activity or interaction with a site, app, or email. sdks are also snippets of code embedded in websites or apps that can likewise be used to collect information about your activity or interaction with a site or app. other similar tracking technologies include javascript, http code mechanisms, and apis (application programmable interfaces), all of which likewise entail snippets of code or software embedded in websites, applications, or emails which are also used to collect information about, for example, your interactions with and use of certain services on the sites. as mentioned above, some of these tracking technologies are set and used directly by the nhl family, while others are placed by third parties, such as by our analytics and advertising service providers and partners, in order to, for example, help us optimize the sites and our advertising initiatives. cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. some cookies are “session cookies”, which means they only exist when your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your browser or quit the app. other cookies are “persistent cookies”, meaning they survive after your browser or app is closed and can be used by websites or apps to recognize your computer when you re-open your browser or app later. what types of cookies are used on the sites? cookies may be used for a variety of purposes, including delivering a given website or app experience, understanding how visitors interact with the sites, and personalizing our advertising. these cookies may be set by us or by third-party service providers or partners and generally fall into the following categories: strictly necessary, functional, performance, and targeting and advertising. strictly necessary cookies - these cookies are necessary or essential for the sites to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. as discussed further in section 3 below, you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the sites will not then work. functional cookies - these cookies enable the sites to provide enhanced functionality and personalized content. performance cookies - these cookies allow us to measure metrics like visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of the sites. for example, they help us to know which webpages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around our sites. targeting and advertising cookies - these cookies collect information about your online interactions in order to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on third-party sites and services, including on social media services. if you opt-out of these cookies, you will still receive ads but they may be less personalized. 3. what are my cookie-related choices? you may have several choices through which you can control the use of cookies. your device or browser may provide you with certain privacy settings or controls that may enable you to refuse, disable or activate certain cookies. because each browser and device is different and may provide you with different options and controls, please consult the instructions provided by the relevant browser or device. where available, and depending on the jurisdiction in which you live, you may also have additional choices with respect to certain functional, performance, and/or targeted and advertising cookies described above for relevant sites. for nhl.com, you can navigate to the "cookie settings" tool here or in the footer to exercise available choices. in addition, you may opt out of receiving certain targeted advertising from participating companies by visiting the websites of the network advertising initiative , digital advertising alliance , and the digital advertising alliance of canada . if you choose to disable, block, or delete certain cookies through the above controls, note that some of the functionality of the sites may no longer be available to you. please also note that your cookies choices may be specific to the particular browser or device you are using when you exercise such choice and so you may need to do so on each browser or device you use to access the sites. if you would like to learn more about cookies, there are informational websites and resources that describe these tracking technologies in further detail, such as all about cookies . changes to this cookie policy. we may update this cookie policy from time to time to reflect changes in our cookie practices, so we encourage you to review this cookie policy periodically. contact us if you have any questions about this cookie policy, please contact us at [email protected] or visit nhl.com/contact and select "privacy" for the subject line. you may also write to us at: privacy officer nhl enterprises, l.p., one manhattan west 395 ninth ave. new york, ny 10001 youtube instagram discord facebook threads snapchat twitch x tiktok terms of service nhl.com privacy policy cookie policy cookie settings copyright policy your privacy choices careers about about the nhl how to watch & stream video rulebook connect with us frequently asked questions online transmission policy sponsorship opportunities contact us nhl.com is the official website of the national hockey league. all nhl logos and marks and nhl team logos and marks depicted herein are the property of the nhl and the respective teams and may not be reproduced without the prior written consent of nhl enterprises, l.p. © nhl 2025. all rights reserved. all nhl team jerseys customized with nhl players' names and numbers are officially licensed by the nhl and the nhlpa. the zamboni word mark and configuration of the zamboni ice resurfacing machine are registered trademarks of frank j. zamboni & co., inc.© frank j. zamboni & co., inc. 2025. all rights reserved. any other third party trademarks or copyrights are the property of their respective owners. all rights reserved. close