official site of the national hockey league | nhl.com skip to main content news video scores navigation menu schedule stats standings players fantasy nhl unites teams shop shop nhl shop auctions jerseys men women kids photos.com nhl shop - nyc get nhl credit card tickets en english français deutsch suomi svenska čeština slovenčina español copyright policy it is nhl ice's policy to respect the intellectual property rights of others. in connection with this policy, nhl ice will not knowingly post content or other works of authorship that infringe the copyright rights of others. if you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify us by providing our copyright agent with the following information: the electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on the owner's behalf; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site including the url or other specific information sufficient to allow us to locate the material; your name, address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. our agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on this site can be reached as follows: by mail: nhl enterprises, l.p. dmca agent -- group vice president, legal and business affairs -- intellectual property one manhattan west 395 ninth ave. new york, ny 10001 by phone: (212) 789-2000 youtube instagram discord facebook threads snapchat twitch x tiktok terms of service nhl.com privacy policy cookie policy cookie settings copyright policy your privacy choices careers about about the nhl how to watch & stream video rulebook connect with us frequently asked questions online transmission policy sponsorship opportunities contact us nhl.com is the official website of the national hockey league. all nhl logos and marks and nhl team logos and marks depicted herein are the property of the nhl and the respective teams and may not be reproduced without the prior written consent of nhl enterprises, l.p. © nhl 2025. all rights reserved. all nhl team jerseys customized with nhl players' names and numbers are officially licensed by the nhl and the nhlpa. the zamboni word mark and configuration of the zamboni ice resurfacing machine are registered trademarks of frank j. zamboni & co., inc.© frank j. zamboni & co., inc. 2025. all rights reserved. any other third party trademarks or copyrights are the property of their respective owners. all rights reserved. close