official site of the national hockey league | nhl.com skip to main content news video scores navigation menu schedule stats standings players fantasy nhl unites teams shop shop nhl shop auctions jerseys men women kids photos.com nhl shop - nyc get nhl credit card tickets en english français deutsch suomi svenska čeština slovenčina español careers home careers home why work at the nhl our values where can you provide and assist a (brief) history of the league where to find us the national hockey league believes that hockey is for everyone, both on the ice and in the workplace. with about 1500 employees across offices in new york, toronto and montréal, the nhl is a global sports and entertainment organization with a vibrant workplace and a people-first culture that thrives on teamwork and inclusion (just like our amazing sport). our commitment to diversity and inclusion spans all dimensions of identity, including: race, ethnicity, religion, national origin, gender identity, age, disability, sexual orientation and socio-economic status. open positions why work at the nhl our values where can you provide an assist? a (brief) history of the league where to find us youtube instagram discord facebook threads snapchat twitch x tiktok terms of service nhl.com privacy policy cookie policy cookie settings copyright policy your privacy choices careers about about the nhl how to watch & stream video rulebook connect with us frequently asked questions online transmission policy sponsorship opportunities contact us nhl.com is the official website of the national hockey league. all nhl logos and marks and nhl team logos and marks depicted herein are the property of the nhl and the respective teams and may not be reproduced without the prior written consent of nhl enterprises, l.p. © nhl 2025. all rights reserved. all nhl team jerseys customized with nhl players' names and numbers are officially licensed by the nhl and the nhlpa. the zamboni word mark and configuration of the zamboni ice resurfacing machine are registered trademarks of frank j. zamboni & co., inc.© frank j. zamboni & co., inc. 2025. all rights reserved. any other third party trademarks or copyrights are the property of their respective owners. all rights reserved. close