campus communications -     leadership - carnegie mellon university carnegie mellon university — — — search search search this site only leadership leadership campus communications read communications from the provost to the campus community below. latest communications thursday, february 27, 2025 update on recent executive order impacting federal contracts and grants we write to inform you of a recent development related to the university’s engagement with federal funding sources. last night, president trump issued a new executive order that directs federal agencies to take specific actions over the next 30 days. sunday, february 09, 2025 regarding the nih’s new policy guidance on indirect costs the national institutes of health (nih) posted new policy guidance late friday, feb. 7, that caps the facilities and administrative (f&a, or indirect cost recovery) rate for nih grants at 15%. if this guidance stands, the f&a cap will go into effect on monday, feb. 10, and it will be applied to future expenses on all current nih grants as well as new nih grants awarded to institutions of higher education. monday, february 03, 2025 undergraduate tuition and fees for academic year 2025-26 each year, the university reviews its costs and sets tuition, fees and living expenses for the upcoming academic year. this analysis considers expenditures and inflation, aiming to balance the university's financial stability with the ability to attract top-tier students. friday, january 31, 2025 announcing the search for the vice provost for enrollment management and dean of admission i am excited to announce a comprehensive search for carnegie mellon’s next vice provost of enrollment management and dean of admission. as i recently shared, dr. kris wong davis has made the decision to return to her alma mater, the university of arizona, to serve as vice president for enrollment management and dean of admission in march 2025. tuesday, january 28, 2025 college of engineering leadership transition i write to share the news that william h. sanders, who has served as the dr. william d. and nancy w. strecker dean of the college of engineering since january 2020, has decided to step down from his role in june. dean sanders has accepted the exciting opportunity to serve as president of rochester institute of technology (rit) starting in july. monday, january 13, 2025 welcoming the spring semester it is my pleasure to officially welcome you to the spring semester. i hope you enjoyed a refreshing winter break — taking time to rest, connect with loved ones, and step away from the usual campus rhythms. as we begin this new semester, i am writing to share some key updates and highlight the exciting opportunities ahead of us. archives 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 leadership carnegie mellon university 5000 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 412-268-2000 legal info www.cmu.edu © 2025 carnegie mellon university board of trustees chair of the board officers of the corporation voting trustees emeriti trustees office of board of trustees the president biography office of the president messages from the president president's lecture series multimedia gallery in the news past presidents contact the provost biography office of the provost academic leadership provost priorities campus communications provost's office hours open searches past provosts contact senior administration deans