disability resources center - pittsburgh, pa opens in new tab or window 311 service alert beginning at 6pm tonight (3/7), the 311 system will be undergoing maintenance and enhancements and will have limited functionality until 3/10. please call 311 to leave a message, or try submitting again on monday close this announcement skip to main content quick links 311 contact facebook twitter youtube english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language select a language to translate to english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language city of pittsburgh, pa - home - logo open search menu resident services sub-menu trash & recycling sub-menu collection schedule and newsletter curbside pick up commercial recycling special event recycling drop-off info & additional resources anti-litter and illegal dumping 311 sub-menu contacting 311 ada & disability rights sub-menu take our accessibility survey disability resources center statutes & policies city county task force on disability make an accommodations request ccb accessibility entrance file a grievance oep news faqs snow removal sub-menu snow plow tracker snow & ice road maintenance sub-menu street maintenance paving schedule potholes road safety food programs sub-menu after school feeding program summer food program bigburgh pets & animals sub-menu dog license animal control community programming sub-menu love your block city cuts snow angels black pittsburgh matters immigrant and refugee affairs tree resources sub-menu tree planting request tree work forestry division recreation & events sub-menu parks sub-menu our parks for kids for seniors dog parks tennis citisports outdoor activities city farms community garden plots pools sub-menu oliver bath house outdoor pools spray parks pool fees rules citiparks lifeguard events sub-menu farmers markets dollar bank cinema in the park roving art cart artworks concerts footraces holidays at city-county building pistons in the park car cruise pittsburgh cultural activities summer soul line dancing park facilities sub-menu schenley skating rink recreation centers special events sub-menu pittsburgh e-arena tournament annual gingerbread house competition independence day celebration black history month community festivals contact special events special events news about parks sub-menu citiparks phone directory parks rules park rangers park maintenance parks faq film & event management sub-menu important documents special event & block party permitting film permits special events committee public event calendar park permits sub-menu reserve park shelter sports field permit city government sub-menu mayor sub-menu biography 2025 governing agenda mayor's cabinet youth civic leadership academy press releases contact letters of support forms executive orders office of immigrant and refugee affairs my brother's keeper city-county building key focus areas i-team city controller sub-menu about the controller fiscal focus pgh audits & reports pittsburgh watchdog unclaimed property campaign finances disclosure of interest reports city council sub-menu districts clerk's office neighborhoods & wards legislative information council budget office city council contacts boards, authorities, commissions sub-menu member rosters agendas & minutes list of boards, authorities, commissions legal services sub-menu department of law office of equal protection commission on human relations ethics hearing board office of municipal investigations city ordinances file a claim with law right to know jobs sub-menu careers human resources and civil service finances & budget sub-menu taxes new business registration real estate fee schedule campaign finances management & budget contacts & information sub-menu frequently requested numbers city press release archive city channel pittsburgh safety sub-menu police sub-menu police zones police officer recruitment file a police report submit a tip submit a silent complaint compliment an officer police data portal branches about police fire sub-menu fire station location map girls firefighter camp fire permit information annual reports bureau of fire contacts about bureau of fire firefighter recruitment fire safety programs animal care & control sub-menu for pet owners dog licenses spay/neuter program stray animals rodent baiting program beekeeping and farm animal permits living with wildlife animal control faqs emergency medical services sub-menu ambulance division special event operations training division annual reports ems contacts privacy practices become a paramedic freedom house emt training office of community health and safety sub-menu health and safety resources meet the staff community office hours join our team! community engagement announcements & press releases newsletter contact form alerts sub-menu public safety blotter public safety press releases public safety press release archive covid-19 updates public safety sub-menu animal care & control disruptive properties emergency management and homeland security nighttime economy office of film & event management park rangers violence prevention public safety contacts business & development sub-menu city planning sub-menu about city planning city planning meeting calendar city planning public notices commissions and boards historic preservation program public art program neighborhood planning planning projects planning programs development review process guides mobility and infrastructure sub-menu about mobility and infrastructure maps plans current domi projects transportation development review right-of-way management permits, licenses, and inspections sub-menu applications & forms one stop pgh permits licenses bulletins community resources code enforcement condemned buildings pli fees building codes appeals pli contacts announcements registrations innovation & performance sub-menu pittsburgh digital equity coalition public works sub-menu about public works contact public works environmental services architecture division street maintenance bureau forestry division zoning sub-menu zoning faq planning application and process planning reviews, public notices and public hearings housing gis sub-menu downloadable maps & data gis links & resources interactive maps address request new street name request procurement sub-menu welcome to beacon faqs bid opportunities procurement resources city buying plan pgh lab sub-menu benefits alumni startup resources faq contact us sustainability sub-menu climate action plan resilient pittsburgh food systems sustainability & resilience library affiliations & memberships environmental planning and review search you are here : home / resident services / ada & disability rights / disability resources center in this section trash & recycling 311 ada & disability rights take our accessibility survey disability resources center statutes & policies city county task force on disability make an accommodations request ccb accessibility entrance file a grievance oep news faqs snow removal road maintenance food programs pets & animals community programming immigrant and refugee affairs tree resources disability resources center ada grievance form request ada accommodation email inquiries support & advocacy american association of people with disabilites (aapd) as a national disability-led and cross-disability rights organization, aapd advocates for full civil rights for over 60 million americans with disabilities. they promote equal opportunity, economic power, independent living, and political participation. adapt-advocacy adapt’s vision of community is a place where all people can live, move, and participate in the ways that recognize and support their individual dignity and freedom. their vision is integration into all aspects of society, where every member of the community experiences opportunities, not barriers. administration for community living the administration for community living was created around the fundamental principle that older adults and people of all ages with disabilities should be able to live where they choose, with the people they choose, and with the ability to participate fully in their communities. allegheny family network allegheny family network (afn) supports and partners with families to improve their quality of life while raising children who have emotional and mental health needs. alliance for infants & toddlers the alliance for infants and toddlers, inc. was established in 1988 by a federal grant to assist families of low birth weight infants. in 1996, the alliance was chosen by allegheny county as the early intervention service coordination agency for families of children, ages birth to three years, who have developmental concerns. allies for health + wellbeing their services are open to everyone, and they specialize in hiv, hepatitis c, and sti testing and care, gender-affirming care, and inclusive primary care concerns. autism connection of pa autism connection of pa is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, serving thousands of people seeking help with autism related concerns. the organization understands, and provides text, email, and phone support plus weekly autism news and information. autism connection consults on arts, culture, school and justice issues and sponsors support groups across pennsylvania. autism urban connections inc. autism urban connections inc. is the first and only african american, minority, family-focused autism 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization in the commonwealth of pennsylvania. their mission is to provide education, support, advocacy, and empowerment, with an emphasis on self-care to families of those diagnosed with autism. their vision is for all families to receive individualized supports and education to access valuable resources and services that enhance quality of life, break down barriers, and address the disparities in the most marginalized communities. blind & vision rehabilitation services of pittsburgh blind and vision rehabilitation services of pittsburgh’s mission is to improve the lives of persons with vision loss and related disabilities by teaching independence and self-advocacy to people who are blind, deafblind, or vision impaired. caregiver resource center: putting you first | hope grows during their 11-year history as a non-profit, hope grows has been providing emotional/mental health services and counseling to family caregivers through on-site programming, phone, and in-person counseling or virtual services, support programming, therapeutic respite™ activities, and educational programming.  the delivery of wellness kits, welcome and bereavement packets, and quarterly tuck in phone calls add to the support provided. in 2023, hope grows opened the iris respite house bed & breakfast which creates an opportunity for family caregivers to experience an overnight, stress-free, nurturing environment. center for deaf & hearing services, inc. the center for deaf & hearing services provides a wide range of professional services for people who are deaf, deafblind, and hard of hearing. this includes asl interpretation services. the center has an on-site, small store to browse, purchase, or order adaptive equipment. center for assistive technology-upmc are you in need of assistive technology services or products to help with mobility, communication, or comfort in your day-to-day life? the center for assistive technology (cat) at upmc rehabilitation institute is a leader and innovator in the assistive technology field. the cat is an interdisciplinary center comprised of multiple outpatient clinics that offer a variety of assistive services. community living and support services (class) class offers a variety of individualized services ranging from independent living skills training in the classroom to community-based case management for social, recreational, and residential supports. community options, inc. community options believes in the dignity of every person, and in the freedom of all people to experience the highest degree of self-determination. embracing this philosophy, community options works with individuals with significant disabilities through residential services, day programs, social enterprises that employ individuals with disabilities, high school transition programs, and specialized programs for respite and medically fragile adults. department of human services dhs’s mission is to assist pennsylvanians in leading safe, healthy, and productive lives through equitable, trauma-informed, and outcome-focused services while being an accountable steward of commonwealth resources. disability advocacy and research network - darn disability the disability and advocacy research network is for disabled people in psychology careers at any stage (including students) . darn also welcomes allies and those who study, work with, and/or teach about disability. following a social model perspective, anyone who identifies or is viewed by others as having a disability can be considered to have a disability. this includes but is not limited to physical, sensory, cognitive, invisible, chronic illness, and mental health conditions. darn facilitates community building, mentoring, professional development, and resource sharing. disability options network disability options network is an advocacy organization that focuses on advocacy around disability rights issues, as well as skills training, peer support, transitioning, and information and referral services. disability pride pennsylvania more than just a means of self advocacy and a push for acceptance, disability pride is above all a celebration of inclusion and disabled people who are proud to be themselves! disabilities resources in the community, upmc upmc’s disabilities resource center provides links to resources designed to help people with disabilities live independently and be active within the community. disability information and access line (dial) the disability information and access line (dial) helps people with disabilities get connected to information about local community resources that support independent living. down syndrome center at children's hospital of pittsburgh the down syndrome center provides families with the tools they need to become educated and strong advocates for children and adolescents with down syndrome. friendship circle friendship circle creates fun and innovative programs that enable youth and young adults of all abilities to be firmly connected in the community through friendships and relationships, access to wellness supports, and employment opportunities. in doing so, they develop active, empowered members and young leaders who strengthen both friendship circle and greater communities. healthbridges behavioral healthcare, social service, and advocacy information for people who are deaf, deafblind, and hard of hearing. highmark caring place-grief support the larger mission of the highmark caring place is to raise awareness in the community of the needs of grieving children and how to respond to them. beyond peer support groups, the caring place provides referral services, adult telephone support and educational programs and resources for grieving children and families as well as consultation services, educational presentations and resources for schools and other professionals in the community who work with children. national association of the deaf the national association of the deaf (nad) is the nation’s premier civil rights organization of, by and for deaf and hard of hearing individuals in the us. established in 1880, the nad was shaped by deaf leaders who believed in the rights of members of the american deaf community to use sign language, to congregate on issues important to them, and to have their interests represented at the national level. nami keystone located in pittsburgh, nami keystone pennsylvania is a 501(c)(3) grassroots, nonprofit organization dedicated to improving the lives of children, adolescents, adults, and families affected by mental illness through recovery-focused support, education, and advocacy. oakland for all advocating for a more accessibility-friendly business district, oakland for all: beyond accessible is a collaborative program driven by oakland stakeholders, nonprofit organizations, local and state government offices, as well as community advocates. office for the deaf & hard of hearing (odhh), pa dept. of labor the office for the deaf & hard of hearing (odhh) is an office within the pennsylvania department of labor & industry that serves all 67 counties. odhh is your first stop on the path to learn about anything and everything related to hearing loss, such as services, technology, sign language interpreters, or laws that require equal access for people who are deaf, deafblind, or hard of hearing. pahrtners, behavioral and mental health services for the deaf pahrtners provides community-based behavioral and mental health programs for individuals who utilize sign language as their primary mode of communication. services include supportive living programs, outpatient therapy, psychiatric evaluations, medication management, case management, day programs and community participation support. pa developmental disabilities council the pennsylvania developmental disabilities council is a group of people with disabilities, family members, advocates, and state department representatives who work to create favorable conditions for people with developmental disabilities and their families in the commonwealth. pennsylvania partnership for the deafblind the ppdb is a family-led organization governed by a board of directors. our members set the organization’s priorities with an agenda to serve the needs of the families connected to us, and educate public officials on issues involving deafblindness.  most of our members are parents of children with deafblindness. parent to parent of pennsylvania a resource matching peer parents of children with similar disabilities for support throughout pa. pathways of swpa, inc. for over 50 years, pathways has provided innovative, person-centered services to the community. today, more than 1600 families in southwestern pennsylvania are on the path to lifelong fulfillment through pathways, which serves individuals and families with intellectual and/or developmental disabilities. pa tourette syndrome alliance individual and family support for those needing it regarding living with tourette’s syndrome. the peal center promotes inclusion and access in education and healthcare. people with disabilities foundation pdf provides education and advocacy for people with psychiatric and/or developmental disabilities, with or without physical disabilities, so that they can achieve equal opportunities in all aspects of life. their goal is to provide total integration of people with mental disabilities into the whole of society. pittsburgh center for autistic advocacy the pittsburgh center for autistic advocacy seeks to advance the equity of autistic people in all realms of life. pcaa believes in inclusive education, policy, and community for autistic people and all people with disabilities. they work to make autistic voices heard in conversations about autism and empower autistic leaders in the community using principles of the disability rights movement and intersectional feminism. rep. dan miller-disability and mental health summit the disability and mental health summit, held annually, is designed to bring disability resources and experts out of their offices and into an easy-to-access environment, where people can meet face-to-face to better solve problems. self-advocacy voices the self-advocacy voices mentorship incubator program empowers people with disabilities to give voice to their interests, passions, knowledge, and experiences through public speaking within a supportive environment of peers and mentors. pittsburgh mercy intellectual & developmental disabilities services upmc’s services are designed to promote community inclusion and improve quality of life, whether it’s providing vocational training, preparing for employment or volunteer work, arranging housing and services that match the amount of supervision needed, or providing community opportunities and in-home support for those living with their families. the arc of pa the arc of pennsylvania promotes the human rights of people with intellectual and developmental disabilities and actively supports their full inclusion and participation in the community throughout their lifetimes. emergency resources community notification enrollment register for notification alerts in state-wide emergency. pennsylvania uses alertpa to provide citizens and partners with timely information to assist them in making informed decisions. alertpa delivers emergency and weather alerts, health notifications, tax notifications, building alerts, and updates to steer, guide, and warn you on all your devices. get help with food | greater pittsburgh community food bank the food bank is committed to making sure all of our neighbors have access to enough food. utility and crisis resource assistance: hope for all program ymca pittsburgh hope for all serves approximately 3,000 individuals and families each year, connecting them to a full range of supports to address emergency and basic needs. utility assistance programs | pa puc if you live in a low-income household or are undergoing a hardship, you may qualify for support in paying utility bills. most electric, gas, water, phone and internet companies offer assistance programs. transportation access paratransit access is a coordinated, shared-ride paratransit service, which has been providing door-to-door, advanced reservation transportation in allegheny county since 1979. access service is provided by six service providers operating from seven locations with 300 vehicles and is among the largest coordinated systems in the country with an average of 5,000 trips on weekdays, 1.5 million annually. access is open to the general public but primarily serves people with disabilities, clients of human service agencies, and people aged 65 and over. sunflower program, fly pittsburgh pit airport is proud to support the hidden disabilities sunflower program. many disabilities, such as autism, chronic pain, epilepsy, low vision, hearing loss, dementia, anxiety disorders, and brain injuries, are not immediately obvious to others. if you or someone you are travelling with has an invisible disability, you can choose to wear the sunflower as a discreet way to indicate to our airport staff that you may need some additional support when going through the airport processes. pittsburgh regional transit this resource gives users information about transportation schedules, fares, and services. legal americans with disabilities act | ada.gov disability rights are civil rights. from voting to parking, the ada is a law that protects people with disabilities in many areas of public life. access and accommodations for people with disabilities, pa office of the attorney general the civil rights enforcement section generally exercises jurisdiction over cases involving systemic patterns or practices of discrimination or that otherwise raise civil rights issues of statewide significance. allegheny county bar association-lawyer referral service through the acba lawyer referral service in pittsburgh, the bar association is able to refer out one attorney practicing in the particular field you need. bazelon center for mental health law since 1972, the judge david l. bazelon center for mental health law has advocated for the civil rights, full inclusion, and equality of adults and children with mental disabilities. bazelon was pivotal in expanding the civil rights movement to include fighting discrimination against, and segregation of, people with mental disabilities. disability rights pennsylvania as the protection and advocacy agency in pennsylvania, drp works to advance and protect the civil rights of adults and children with a wide range of disabilities to ensure their rights to live in their communities with the services they need, to receive a full and inclusive education, to live free of discrimination and abuse and neglect, and to have control and self-determination over their services. fair housing partnership the fair housing partnership of greater pittsburgh is a nonprofit organization dedicated to creating equal housing choice in southwestern pennsylvania. fhp is the only private fair housing organization dedicated to serving the entire greater pittsburgh region and assists individuals in the area who believe they have experienced housing discrimination. they assist persons with disabilities with preparing requests for reasonable accommodations and modifications so that they have full access to housing. if you feel you have been discriminated against in your rental, sales, mortgage, or homeowner’s insurance process, fhp can fight for you up to and including litigation when needed. all services are free of charge for victims of discrimination. national disability rights network (ndrn ) the national disability rights network works in washington, dc on behalf of the protection and advocacy systems (p&as) and client assistance programs (caps), the nation’s largest providers of legal advocacy services for people with disabilities neighborhood legal services nls secures justice and resolves fundamental legal problems for those who are low-income and vulnerable in allegheny, beaver, butler, and lawrence counties by providing high-quality legal services and community legal education. pittsburgh commission on human relations pittsburgh commission on human relations (pghchr) is a civil rights enforcement agency focused on investigating instances of discrimination, providing outreach and education to communities about their rights, and recommending necessary protections in the city code to provide all people in pittsburgh with equal opportunities. pa office of the attorney general, civil rights the office of the attorney general works closely with federal, state, and local civil rights agencies to ensure that pennsylvanians are free from discrimination in employment, housing, public accommodations, education, and other settings. the office also has jurisdiction to seek civil injunctions or other equitable relief to protect against hate crimes. education ada compliance-pittsburgh public schools pittsburgh public schools is regulated by title ii of the ada. the u.s. department of education’s office of civil rights (ocr) enforces title ii in public elementary and secondary education systems. disability studies-undergraduate certificate, university of pittsburgh pitt’s disability studies program looks at disability as a facet of society and culture, and as an individual experience not solely governed by a medical model. an understanding of disability is important in various professional and academic contexts, such as cultural studies, law, health research and practice, and education. disability resources, carnegie mellon university upon enrollment, students with disabilities should contact the office of disability resources to discuss their needs and to develop an individual plan for accommodation. accommodations are made with the intent to maintain the academic integrity of each course and the academic program as a whole, while also meeting a student’s individual disability needs. disability resources & services, university of pittsburgh disability resources & services (drs), located within pitt’s office for equity, diversity, & inclusion, is the department designated by the university of pittsburgh to determine reasonable accommodations and services under the provisions set forth in the americans with disabilities act. disability services, carlow university carlow university makes every reasonable effort to provide qualified applicants and students with disabilities with the opportunity to take full advantage of its programs, activities, services and facilities. the university’s disabilities services office (dso) does this in part by arranging specific reasonable and effective accommodations for students and prospective students through collaboration with students, faculty, and staff. accessibility services, point park university point park university's office of accessibility services (oas) exists to address present or potential disability-related barriers on campus. disability services, duquesne university at duquesne, the office of disability services team will help you receive the support you need while you are attaining your educational goals. if you need accommodations due to a documented condition, they will assist you with navigating the registration process. disability resources and services-ccac ccac’s office of disability resources & services provides reasonable and appropriate accommodations for students with disabilities in accordance with section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973 and the guidelines of the americans with disabilities act (ada). institute on disabilities, temple university college of education and human development located within the college of education and human development at temple university, the institute is a vibrant, diverse organization with more than 40 staff members, including students, and is considered a national leader in leadership development, assistive technology, disability studies, justice for people with disabilities, policy analysis, and inclusive education. pressley ridge pressley ridge supports youth, individuals, and families through life’s challenges with a full continuum of mental health services, foster care, residential treatment, and specialized education programs. watson institute the watson institute is on a mission to help children reach their fullest potential in all aspects of their lives. at the watson institute, children with special needs and their families receive support through exceptional individualized special education school programming, resources, transition services, and mental and behavioral health services. western pennsylvania school for blind children located in the heart of oakland, western pennsylvania school for blind children is a one-of-a-kind educational experience committed to empowering students to realize their full potential. the school also provides vital early intervention and outreach services to visually impaired students, with or without additional challenges, throughout western pennsylvania. housing action housing action-housing provides affordable and supportive housing and supportive services programs, investing in the people and communities in southwestern pennsylvania. allegheny county housing authority the acha provides safe and decent affordable housing for low-income residents of allegheny county. acha offers two main housing programs: the housing choice voucher program (hcvp) and public housing. housing authority of the city of pittsburgh hacp is proud of the role it has as the premier provider of affordable and safe housing in the city of pittsburgh for more than half a century. the housing authority provides numerous services to residents to help them achieve the goal of self-sufficiency, but their primary service is supplying safe and affordable housing. independent living institute the independent living institute (ili) works to promote opportunities for individuals with disabilities for more personal and political power, self-determination, full participation, and equality through information, education, lobbying, and project activities. mainstay life services mainstay’s community services department provides supports throughout western pennsylvania, with residential services in more than 50 mainstay homes throughout allegheny county. specialized supports are an integral part of their programs. they provide assistance that helps to make life easier and more fulfilling. snow angels | engage pittsburgh snow-covered sidewalks can be hazardous for everyone. the city of pittsburgh’s snow angels program pairs older residents and residents with disabilities with nearby neighbors who volunteer to assist them with snow removal on their sidewalks and walkways. employment abilityjobs ability job board for disability talent helps businesses, governments, and nonprofits connect with talented job seekers. ability links the leading job board for job seekers with disabilities, veterans, and inclusive employers. disability solutions disability solutions offers comprehensive disability-focused hiring and retention solutions that seamlessly connect jobseekers with disabilities to inclusive employers. pittsburgh mercy-employment services pittsburgh mercy helps individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities obtain and maintain employment in the community while earning competitive wages. recreation best buddies best buddies international is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to establishing a global volunteer movement that creates opportunities for one-to-one friendships, integrated employment, leadership development, inclusive living, and family support for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities (idd). eruption athletics- adaptive exercise adaptive exercise, equipment, and curriculum for special needs and typical communities. horses with hope horses with hope programs focus on improving the lives of children, youth, and adults assisting them to reach beyond their abilities, allowing daily success and milestones to be accomplished by the partnership developed by horse and rider. trained volunteers who lead the horse and utilize side-walkers on each side of the rider, keeping focused on allowing them as much independence as possible. they are committed to providing safe, quality programs for children, youth, and adults with special needs. miracle league of southwestern pa the miracle league of southwestern pennsylvania (mlswpa) was formed in january 2007 and is dedicated to providing the opportunity for children and adults with physical and mental disabilities to play organized baseball. reelabilities reelabilities pittsburgh is a national program presented locally by film pittsburgh. the original reelabilities film festival was initiated in new york at the jcc manhattan in 2007. the festival was the first of its kind to present a series of award-winning films by, about, and for people with disabilities. in 2012, other cities across the us and around the world followed in new york’s footsteps and reelabilities events are currently held in more than 20 cities around the world. special olympics the special olympics experience fills a critical need in the lives of people with intellectual disabilities by providing opportunities for physical activity, social interaction, and the demonstration of competence to themselves, their families and the community.  athletes learn developmental and life skills as the benefits of participation translate beyond sports, helping them to live more independent and rewarding lives. special olympics also provides a positive venue for families, volunteers, and donors to become part of a caring community, and to become involved in the movement. the city of pittsburgh does not endorse any particular products or services listed. all links are provided by the city and disability community for noncommercial, informational purposes. the city of pittsburgh is not responsible for the content or accessibility of external webpages. links are subject to change. the city of pittsburgh reserves the right to remove or replace links without notice to their hosts or contributors. back to top contact us city of pittsburgh 414 grant st. pittsburgh, pa 15219 (accessibility entrance on ross st.) view on map 412-255-2621 share & connect like us on facebook follow us on x watch us on youtube get involved careers internships engagepgh explore pittsburgh disclaimers & polices | accessibility | privacy statement | sitemap © 2025 city of pittsburgh, pa | powered by granicus