snow plow tracker - pittsburgh, pa opens in new tab or window 311 service alert beginning at 6pm tonight (3/7), the 311 system will be undergoing maintenance and enhancements and will have limited functionality until 3/10. please call 311 to leave a message, or try submitting again on monday close this announcement skip to main content quick links 311 contact facebook twitter youtube english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language select a language to translate to english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language city of pittsburgh, pa - home - logo open search menu resident services sub-menu trash & recycling sub-menu collection schedule and newsletter curbside pick up commercial recycling special event recycling drop-off info & additional resources anti-litter and illegal dumping 311 sub-menu contacting 311 ada & disability rights sub-menu take our accessibility survey disability resources center statutes & policies city county task force on disability make an accommodations request ccb accessibility entrance file a grievance oep news faqs snow removal sub-menu snow plow tracker snow & ice road maintenance sub-menu street maintenance paving schedule potholes road safety food programs sub-menu after school feeding program summer food program bigburgh pets & animals sub-menu dog license animal control community programming sub-menu love your block city cuts snow angels black pittsburgh matters immigrant and refugee affairs tree resources sub-menu tree planting request tree work forestry division recreation & events sub-menu parks sub-menu our parks for kids for seniors dog parks tennis citisports outdoor activities city farms community garden plots pools sub-menu oliver bath house outdoor pools spray parks pool fees rules citiparks lifeguard events sub-menu farmers markets dollar bank cinema in the park roving art cart artworks concerts footraces holidays at city-county building pistons in the park car cruise pittsburgh cultural activities summer soul line dancing park facilities sub-menu schenley skating rink recreation centers special events sub-menu pittsburgh e-arena tournament annual gingerbread house competition independence day celebration black history month community festivals contact special events special events news about parks sub-menu citiparks phone directory parks rules park rangers park maintenance parks faq film & event management sub-menu important documents special event & block party permitting film permits special events committee public event calendar park permits sub-menu reserve park shelter sports field permit city government sub-menu mayor sub-menu biography 2025 governing agenda mayor's cabinet youth civic leadership academy press releases contact letters of support forms executive orders office of immigrant and refugee affairs my brother's keeper city-county building key focus areas i-team city controller sub-menu about the controller fiscal focus pgh audits & reports pittsburgh watchdog unclaimed property campaign finances disclosure of interest reports city council sub-menu districts clerk's office neighborhoods & wards legislative information council budget office city council contacts boards, authorities, commissions sub-menu member rosters agendas & minutes list of boards, authorities, commissions legal services sub-menu department of law office of equal protection commission on human relations ethics hearing board office of municipal investigations city ordinances file a claim with law right to know jobs sub-menu careers human resources and civil service finances & budget sub-menu taxes new business registration real estate fee schedule campaign finances management & budget contacts & information sub-menu frequently requested numbers city press release archive city channel pittsburgh safety sub-menu police sub-menu police zones police officer recruitment file a police report submit a tip submit a silent complaint compliment an officer police data portal branches about police fire sub-menu fire station location map girls firefighter camp fire permit information annual reports bureau of fire contacts about bureau of fire firefighter recruitment fire safety programs animal care & control sub-menu for pet owners dog licenses spay/neuter program stray animals rodent baiting program beekeeping and farm animal permits living with wildlife animal control faqs emergency medical services sub-menu ambulance division special event operations training division annual reports ems contacts privacy practices become a paramedic freedom house emt training office of community health and safety sub-menu health and safety resources meet the staff community office hours join our team! community engagement announcements & press releases newsletter contact form alerts sub-menu public safety blotter public safety press releases public safety press release archive covid-19 updates public safety sub-menu animal care & control disruptive properties emergency management and homeland security nighttime economy office of film & event management park rangers violence prevention public safety contacts business & development sub-menu city planning sub-menu about city planning city planning meeting calendar city planning public notices commissions and boards historic preservation program public art program neighborhood planning planning projects planning programs development review process guides mobility and infrastructure sub-menu about mobility and infrastructure maps plans current domi projects transportation development review right-of-way management permits, licenses, and inspections sub-menu applications & forms one stop pgh permits licenses bulletins community resources code enforcement condemned buildings pli fees building codes appeals pli contacts announcements registrations innovation & performance sub-menu pittsburgh digital equity coalition public works sub-menu about public works contact public works environmental services architecture division street maintenance bureau forestry division zoning sub-menu zoning faq planning application and process planning reviews, public notices and public hearings housing gis sub-menu downloadable maps & data gis links & resources interactive maps address request new street name request procurement sub-menu welcome to beacon faqs bid opportunities procurement resources city buying plan pgh lab sub-menu benefits alumni startup resources faq contact us sustainability sub-menu climate action plan resilient pittsburgh food systems sustainability & resilience library affiliations & memberships environmental planning and review search you are here : home / resident services / snow removal / snow plow tracker in this section trash & recycling 311 ada & disability rights snow removal snow plow tracker snow & ice road maintenance food programs pets & animals community programming immigrant and refugee affairs tree resources snow plow tracker city of pittsburgh snow vehicles are hard at work treating city streets, but you may not see all of their work on the tracker at this time. we are working to resolve the issue with these vehicles as soon as possible. snow plow tracker app v.2.0 your browser does not support inline frames. please visit  launch fullscreen map what does the plow tracker 2.0 show me? the plow tracker v 2.0 displays the history trail of public works vehicles conducting deicing and/or anti-icing and plowing operations. vehicle travel on city streets is displayed with a pink history trail. street treatment efforts can be tracked within the last 1, 2, 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours by selecting the desired interval below the map. roads are color-coded to show the city’s treatment responsibilities. city treatment responsibility white – city (city responsibility) other treatment responsibility light blue - city (county responsibility) yellow – state (state responsibility) green – county (county responsibility) lilac – private where are the trucks treating the city’s streets? current vehicle location is displayed with a vehicle icon on the screen on the “now” and 2, 4, 12, and 24 interval time displays. the plow tracker v 2.0 does not display the current location of vehicles traveling slower than 2.5 m.p.h., or if the ignition is off. to ensure drivers are able to treat the roads without interruption, vehicle icons are presented with a time delay. how can i navigate to my street? users of the plow tracker 2.0 can zoom in on the map to view their street or select their street from the drop-down menu located below the history display buttons. what does treatment mean? treatment is the application of anti-icing (before snow and ice arrive) and / or deicing (after snow / ice have fallen) materials. while their application indicates that the street has been treated it does not indicate that a street will be clear of any snow/ ice – that will happen when the temperatures are favorable (rising, not falling), the sun is prevalent and pedestrians and vehicles work the deicing and/or anti-icing material. primary and secondary streets are treated simultaneously but during heavy snow or changing weather conditions public works vehicles may return to treating only primaries prior to returning to secondary and tertiary routes. the streets are categorized based on traffic volume. who owns/maintains the street? in addition to city streets, public works conducts deicing and/or anti-icing operations on certain allegheny county, and commonwealth of pennsylvania roads. later this winter weather season we will update the plow tracker map to display city snow and ice treatment responsibility. why do trucks go on streets that the city does not own or maintain? there are times that public works vehicles travel on streets they do not own or maintain: to efficiently connect to streets the city treats. to return to public works division maintenance garages. to load more deicing and/or anti-icing materials. why did the truck go halfway up the street and turn around? to apply deicing and/or anti-icing materials to streets during a winter weather event public works drivers may turn their vehicle around and back up steep hills because this is the most efficient and safest manner to treat the street. in other instances, drivers may encounter difficulty accessing narrow streets when cars are parked too far into the roadway. in such cases, the driver has to return in the hope the vehicle has moved or return with a smaller piece of equipment. why is my de-icing material blue? for the 2018-19 winter weather season, public works is treating roads with a new rock salt made of magnesium chloride instead of sodium chloride treated with liquid calcium chloride. magnesium chloride is expected to have a lower melting point and better deicing capabilities, particularly at lower temperatures. our new deicing material is treated with a blue pigment that enables residents and drivers to be better able to determine if the street has recently been treated. how can i help public works treat my street? when driving: don’t drive if you don’t have to! if you can delay your trip to allow our crews to get deicing and/or anti-icing materials down please do so. if you do, give the plow operators space to operate. when parking: don’t park your car on a corner. if you have the ability to move your car off the street, we encourage you to do so. don’t park your car too far in the street. when shoveling: don’t shovel your snow into your street. don’t clear your car into the street; clear it before you’re driving. please be patient and give our crews the time needed to treat over 1,200 miles of streets. what are the snow levels and what do they mean? public works classifies storm conditions into levels, which determine the required response for a given winter weather event. based on the levels, residents and drivers can expect that all streets will be treated in the following manner. know that while there are periods when it is not snowing, that does not mean the weather event has ended. level 0: no service response required. level 1: 0.5" - 3" forecasted snow or ice standard deployment of snow removal resources salting/plowing as needed large equipment assigned to primary routes small equipment assigned to secondary routes level 2: 3" - 6" forecasted snow or ice salting/plowing as needed emphasis on primary routes small equipment assigned to secondary routes all dpw vehicles and equipment put into plow mode recommend that resident vehicles be moved from side streets and alleys level 3: 6" - 10" forecasted snow or ice salting/plowing as needed heavy emphasis on emergency routes and primary routes; secondary and tertiary routes follow accordingly all dpw vehicles and equipment put into plow mode parking restrictions enforced (citations may be issued to vehicles that pose a danger or impede snow removal efforts.) level 4: 10+" forecasted snow or ice full deployment of snow removal resources primary focus on emergency routes, with primary, secondary and tertiary following accordingly parking restrictions enforced (citations may be issued to vehicles that pose a danger or impede snow removal efforts.) use of pre-qualified contractors activated as needed back to top contact us city of pittsburgh 414 grant st. pittsburgh, pa 15219 (accessibility entrance on ross st.) view on map 412-255-2621 share & connect like us on facebook follow us on x watch us on youtube get involved careers internships engagepgh explore pittsburgh disclaimers & polices | accessibility | privacy statement | sitemap © 2025 city of pittsburgh, pa | powered by granicus