esports tournaments  | get involved pittsburgh × × skip to skip to skip to content jump to navigation jump to widgets search page outlines loading... ie10 and below are not supported. google chrome mozilla firefox contact us for any help on browser support you are here: home esports tournaments some content on this page may not display correctly. please enable javascript in your browser's settings and refresh the page. esports tournaments share esports tournaments on facebook share esports tournaments on twitter share esports tournaments on linkedin email esports tournaments link the pittsburgh e-arena is the city of pittsburgh's exciting new esports program, designed to unite local gamers in thrilling and high-stakes tournaments. the main goal of this event is to encourage community involvement, promote healthy competition, and provide a platform for youth to showcase their gaming skills. by organizing this tournament, our office aims to create an inclusive and exciting atmosphere for young gamers, highlighting pittsburgh's dedication to innovative recreational opportunities. registration registration for the 2024 pittsburgh e-arena begins friday, november 1st. please note that participation is limited to 16 teams, and spots will be allocated on a first-come, first-served basis. this two day tournament is designed for teams of two, so each participant must have a partner. if you wish to enter but do not have a teammate, please join the looking for group channel on our discord. all participants must register and obtain a ticket to gain entry into the competition. to register for this tournament, click the "register here" button below. tournament guidelines to participate in this tournament, players will need the following: pc, xbox, or playstation with an online subscription gamer id (gamertag/psn online id/epic id) rocket league™ duo/teammate discord and discord account e-arena admission ticket you must be between 13 and 18 years old to participate. participants must have an active discord account to participate in the online qualifiers on day 1. all participants must sign and complete the waiver. by participating in this tournament, you agree to share your gamer username with the rest of the participants in the tournament. this tournament is in no way sponsored, endorsed, or administered by, or otherwise associated with, psyonix llc. the information players provide in connection with this tournament is being provided to tournament organizer and not to psyonix llc. 2024 pittsburgh e-arena tournament this multi-day event will kick off with online gameplay on the first day, followed by in-person matches on the second, giving young gamers the opportunity to compete for the prestigious title of "best in the city". this year's pittsburgh e-arena tournament will feature rocket league, with 16 teams competing in doubles mode (2v2). teams will compete online in preliminary rounds to determine the final teams for the in-person event. each match will last 5 minutes, excluding any overtime periods, with teams aiming to be the first to score 3 goals in a best-of-3 series. the tournament will follow a double-elimination format, featuring both upper and lower brackets. winners will advance in the upper bracket, while runners-up will move to the lower bracket, where a loss results in elimination from the tournament. trophies will be awarded to the first, second, and third place team members. all participants will receive a commemorative t-shirt, complimentary food, and access to various activities sponsored by tech 25. finalists will have access to legion gaming pcs provided by tech 25 for gameplay, but controller players are welcome to bring your own device (byod). upcoming tournament dates registration for this year’s e-arena event opens on november 1, 2024 ! saturday, december 14th, 2024 competition kicks off with the day 1 online qualifiers via discord at 12:00 pm saturday, december 21st, 2024 all participants are invited to join us at tech 25 for the day 2 in-person awards ceremony at 12:00 pm join our discord to stay tuned for upcoming e-arena events! the pittsburgh e-arena is the city of pittsburgh's exciting new esports program, designed to unite local gamers in thrilling and high-stakes tournaments. the main goal of this event is to encourage community involvement, promote healthy competition, and provide a platform for youth to showcase their gaming skills. by organizing this tournament, our office aims to create an inclusive and exciting atmosphere for young gamers, highlighting pittsburgh's dedication to innovative recreational opportunities. registration registration for the 2024 pittsburgh e-arena begins friday, november 1st. please note that participation is limited to 16 teams, and spots will be allocated on a first-come, first-served basis. this two day tournament is designed for teams of two, so each participant must have a partner. if you wish to enter but do not have a teammate, please join the looking for group channel on our discord. all participants must register and obtain a ticket to gain entry into the competition. to register for this tournament, click the "register here" button below. tournament guidelines to participate in this tournament, players will need the following: pc, xbox, or playstation with an online subscription gamer id (gamertag/psn online id/epic id) rocket league™ duo/teammate discord and discord account e-arena admission ticket you must be between 13 and 18 years old to participate. participants must have an active discord account to participate in the online qualifiers on day 1. all participants must sign and complete the waiver. by participating in this tournament, you agree to share your gamer username with the rest of the participants in the tournament. this tournament is in no way sponsored, endorsed, or administered by, or otherwise associated with, psyonix llc. the information players provide in connection with this tournament is being provided to tournament organizer and not to psyonix llc. 2024 pittsburgh e-arena tournament this multi-day event will kick off with online gameplay on the first day, followed by in-person matches on the second, giving young gamers the opportunity to compete for the prestigious title of "best in the city". this year's pittsburgh e-arena tournament will feature rocket league, with 16 teams competing in doubles mode (2v2). teams will compete online in preliminary rounds to determine the final teams for the in-person event. each match will last 5 minutes, excluding any overtime periods, with teams aiming to be the first to score 3 goals in a best-of-3 series. the tournament will follow a double-elimination format, featuring both upper and lower brackets. winners will advance in the upper bracket, while runners-up will move to the lower bracket, where a loss results in elimination from the tournament. trophies will be awarded to the first, second, and third place team members. all participants will receive a commemorative t-shirt, complimentary food, and access to various activities sponsored by tech 25. finalists will have access to legion gaming pcs provided by tech 25 for gameplay, but controller players are welcome to bring your own device (byod). upcoming tournament dates registration for this year’s e-arena event opens on november 1, 2024 ! saturday, december 14th, 2024 competition kicks off with the day 1 online qualifiers via discord at 12:00 pm saturday, december 21st, 2024 all participants are invited to join us at tech 25 for the day 2 in-person awards ceremony at 12:00 pm join our discord to stay tuned for upcoming e-arena events! page last updated: 17 dec 2024, 06:49 am important links pittsburgh special events pittsburgh e-arena discord key dates registration open november 2024 online qualifier - day 1 december 14 2024 in-person finals - day 2 december 21 2024