city-county building - pittsburgh, pa opens in new tab or window 311 service alert beginning at 6pm tonight (3/7), the 311 system will be undergoing maintenance and enhancements and will have limited functionality until 3/10. please call 311 to leave a message, or try submitting again on monday close this announcement skip to main content quick links 311 contact facebook twitter youtube english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language select a language to translate to english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language city of pittsburgh, pa - home - logo open search menu resident services sub-menu trash & recycling sub-menu collection schedule and newsletter curbside pick up commercial recycling special event recycling drop-off info & additional resources anti-litter and illegal dumping 311 sub-menu contacting 311 ada & disability rights sub-menu take our accessibility survey disability resources center statutes & policies city county task force on disability make an accommodations request ccb accessibility entrance file a grievance oep news faqs snow removal sub-menu snow plow tracker snow & ice road maintenance sub-menu street maintenance paving schedule potholes road safety food programs sub-menu after school feeding program summer food program bigburgh pets & animals sub-menu dog license animal control community programming sub-menu love your block city cuts snow angels black pittsburgh matters immigrant and refugee affairs tree resources sub-menu tree planting request tree work forestry division recreation & events sub-menu parks sub-menu our parks for kids for seniors dog parks tennis citisports outdoor activities city farms community garden plots pools sub-menu oliver bath house outdoor pools spray parks pool fees rules citiparks lifeguard events sub-menu farmers markets dollar bank cinema in the park roving art cart artworks concerts footraces holidays at city-county building pistons in the park car cruise pittsburgh cultural activities summer soul line dancing park facilities sub-menu schenley skating rink recreation centers special events sub-menu pittsburgh e-arena tournament annual gingerbread house competition independence day celebration black history month community festivals contact special events special events news about parks sub-menu citiparks phone directory parks rules park rangers park maintenance parks faq film & event management sub-menu important documents special event & block party permitting film permits special events committee public event calendar park permits sub-menu reserve park shelter sports field permit city government sub-menu mayor sub-menu biography 2025 governing agenda mayor's cabinet youth civic leadership academy press releases contact letters of support forms executive orders office of immigrant and refugee affairs my brother's keeper city-county building key focus areas i-team city controller sub-menu about the controller fiscal focus pgh audits & reports pittsburgh watchdog unclaimed property campaign finances disclosure of interest reports city council sub-menu districts clerk's office neighborhoods & wards legislative information council budget office city council contacts boards, authorities, commissions sub-menu member rosters agendas & minutes list of boards, authorities, commissions legal services sub-menu department of law office of equal protection commission on human relations ethics hearing board office of municipal investigations city ordinances file a claim with law right to know jobs sub-menu careers human resources and civil service finances & budget sub-menu taxes new business registration real estate fee schedule campaign finances management & budget contacts & information sub-menu frequently requested numbers city press release archive city channel pittsburgh safety sub-menu police sub-menu police zones police officer recruitment file a police report submit a tip submit a silent complaint compliment an officer police data portal branches about police fire sub-menu fire station location map girls firefighter camp fire permit information annual reports bureau of fire contacts about bureau of fire firefighter recruitment fire safety programs animal care & control sub-menu for pet owners dog licenses spay/neuter program stray animals rodent baiting program beekeeping and farm animal permits living with wildlife animal control faqs emergency medical services sub-menu ambulance division special event operations training division annual reports ems contacts privacy practices become a paramedic freedom house emt training office of community health and safety sub-menu health and safety resources meet the staff community office hours join our team! community engagement announcements & press releases newsletter contact form alerts sub-menu public safety blotter public safety press releases public safety press release archive covid-19 updates public safety sub-menu animal care & control disruptive properties emergency management and homeland security nighttime economy office of film & event management park rangers violence prevention public safety contacts business & development sub-menu city planning sub-menu about city planning city planning meeting calendar city planning public notices commissions and boards historic preservation program public art program neighborhood planning planning projects planning programs development review process guides mobility and infrastructure sub-menu about mobility and infrastructure maps plans current domi projects transportation development review right-of-way management permits, licenses, and inspections sub-menu applications & forms one stop pgh permits licenses bulletins community resources code enforcement condemned buildings pli fees building codes appeals pli contacts announcements registrations innovation & performance sub-menu pittsburgh digital equity coalition public works sub-menu about public works contact public works environmental services architecture division street maintenance bureau forestry division zoning sub-menu zoning faq planning application and process planning reviews, public notices and public hearings housing gis sub-menu downloadable maps & data gis links & resources interactive maps address request new street name request procurement sub-menu welcome to beacon faqs bid opportunities procurement resources city buying plan pgh lab sub-menu benefits alumni startup resources faq contact us sustainability sub-menu climate action plan resilient pittsburgh food systems sustainability & resilience library affiliations & memberships environmental planning and review search you are here : home / city government / mayor / city-county building city-county building in 2017, pittsburgh celebrated the 100th anniversary of our historic seat of government, the city-county building! explore this website to learn about its dynamic history and find out how to visit our historic home! the city-county building under construction in 1915. the city-county building shortly after completion in 1917. the city-county building today. celebrate city hall whether you are visiting the mayor, speaking to council, getting your marriage license, or just love architecture, we want you to join our century of memories! use the hashtag #pghccb to share your photos! city-county building history city-county building history in 1794, the newly formed borough of pittsburgh established a public market house in the current location of market square. aside from creating the public market tradition that continues there today, this location was also home to the very first pittsburgh municipal hall. as pittsburgh continued to grow, so would the space required for government services. the market house quickly became obsolete and the cornerstone of a new city hall was laid at smithfield street and oliver avenue in may of 1869. the county, which first courthouse was also in this location moved to its current location on grant street in 1836. the smithield street city hall would serve until the completion of the city-county building in 1917. it would sit abandoned for 50 years before sold for a redevelopment in the 1950's. the first city hall at market square. the second city hall on smithfield street. mayor david lawrence strikes the first blow for the demolition of the second city hall. city-county building in 1911, a city of pittsburgh commission was formed by unanimous resolution of council for the construction of a new city hall. the commission, which by 1913 had been joined by the appropriate members representing allegheny county, employed new york architect cass gilbert to arrange a competition for the design of a new municipal building. of the 16 entries, the winning design was submitted by the firm palmer, hornbostel, & jones of new york, who were represented locally by edward b. lee. the plans were officially adopted on january 19, 1914, and began the following year. the building acted as a gift to pittsburgh to honor the 1916 centennial of pittsburgh's 1816 incorporation as a city. at the march 1916 dedication ceremony, mayor joseph armstrong placed a time capsule into the still under construction building. two and a half years later in december 1917, he would become the first mayor to call the city-county building a second home. the missing time capsule has yet to be discovered. the pittsburgh post-gazette announces pittsburgh's 1916 centennial and the construction of a new city hall. mayor armstrong places a newspaper in the time capsule to be buried in the city-county building. the shovel used in the groundbreaking ceremony of the city-county building. the city-county building under construction in 1916. the grand lobby the grand lobby of the city-county building, is one of the building's most beautiful spaces. the room extends the length of the building, connecting grant street to ross street. the 30-foot wide hall is topped off by a 47-foot high barrel-vaulted ceiling. on the first floor, the marble lined hall is flanked by a series of row offices that contain the public service offices most often visited - the county's marriage license and passports, and pittsburgh's controller, and treasury offices. the offices form a base on which sit the bronze classical columns that support the vaulted ceiling. the columns are works of art themselves, manufactured by louis tiffany studios. they feature, in a rotating series at their bases, the seals of pittsburgh and allegheny county, as well as iconic local frontiersman guyasuta and pittsburgh's oldest surviving building, the fort pitt blockhouse. the rooms ornate elevator doors feature a series of reliefs detailing the previous homes of municipal government. the reliefs age with the building's they clutch, reaching adulthood with the present city-county building and allegheny county courthouse. the grand lobby of the city-county building. in 1972 the city of pittsburgh moved phipps fall flower show to the city-county building. it would return to phipps conservatory in 1975. the ornate elevator doors. the offical statue of sir william pitt was a gift to pittsburgh from sir charles wakefield baronet, the former lord mayor of london in 1922. the mayor's suite the place where much of pittsburgh's future was shaped, the office of the mayor, has played the role of a second home to every cheif executive of pittsburgh since 1917. these two state rooms have gone virtually unchanged in the last century. most of the furniture, including the iconic desk, are original to the building's opening and were custom designed by hornbostel. the central hall features the offical portraits of pittsburgh's mayors. the office of the mayor at completion in 1917. mayor kline with guests in the mayor's conference room in 1929. mayor william peduto chats with students in the mayor's conference room in 2017. the council chamber the chamber is one of pittsburgh's most distinct spaces. this state room is home to the legislative operations of the council of pittsburgh, the room also carries a historical record. the ornate plaster ceiling details the names of the municipalities which have been annexed in making up present day pittsburgh. it also features the names of pittsburgh's past mayors. having since outgrown the ceiling, many names now expand to the rooms hand-painted canvas walls. the room is completed with detailed walnut wainscoting which features the beautiful inlaid pittsburgh crest. much like the office of the mayor, all of the furniture in the chamber is original to the building's construction. the council chamber. the council chamber shortly after completion in 1917. the inlaid walnut pittsburgh coat of arms. future mayor richard caliguiri being sworn in as a council member. the supreme courtroom as home to both the city of pittsburgh and allegheny county offices, the upper floors of the city-county building are home to a large part of the courts system. the most famous tenant being the supreme court of the commonwealth of pennsylvania. the supreme court splits its time between the state's three major areas, pittsburgh, philadelphia, and the state capitol, harrisburg. the ornate plaster ceiling features murals of 3 major historical law givers: justinian - representing roman law, moses - for judaic law, & king edward representing english law. in addition it includes the dates of the completion of the united states and pennsylvania constitutions. its hand painted canvas walls feature large murals of william penn, the namesake of the commonwealth, and william pitt, the namesake of pittsburgh, as well as the portraits of supreme court justices from the western district. the room is completed with mahogany wainscoting and furniture. the supreme courtroom today. the supreme courtroom shortly after completion in 1917. tour the city-county building click here to view form. back to top contact us city of pittsburgh 414 grant st. pittsburgh, pa 15219 (accessibility entrance on ross st.) view on map 412-255-2621 share & connect like us on facebook follow us on x watch us on youtube get involved careers internships engagepgh explore pittsburgh disclaimers & polices | accessibility | privacy statement | sitemap © 2025 city of pittsburgh, pa | powered by granicus