real estate - pittsburgh, pa opens in new tab or window 1 dismissed announcement 311 service alert beginning at 6pm tonight (3/7), the 311 system will be undergoing maintenance and enhancements and will have limited functionality until 3/10. please call 311 to leave a message, or try submitting again on monday skip to main content quick links 311 contact facebook twitter youtube english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language select a language to translate to english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language city of pittsburgh, pa - home - logo open search menu resident services sub-menu trash & recycling sub-menu collection schedule and newsletter curbside pick up commercial recycling special event recycling drop-off info & additional resources anti-litter and illegal dumping 311 sub-menu contacting 311 ada & disability rights sub-menu take our accessibility survey disability resources center statutes & policies city county task force on disability make an accommodations request ccb accessibility entrance file a grievance oep news faqs snow removal sub-menu snow plow tracker snow & ice road maintenance sub-menu street maintenance paving schedule potholes road safety food programs sub-menu after school feeding program summer food program bigburgh pets & animals sub-menu dog license animal control community programming sub-menu love your block city cuts snow angels black pittsburgh matters immigrant and refugee affairs tree resources sub-menu tree planting request tree work forestry division recreation & events sub-menu parks sub-menu our parks for kids for seniors dog parks tennis citisports outdoor activities city farms community garden plots pools sub-menu oliver bath house outdoor pools spray parks pool fees rules citiparks lifeguard events sub-menu farmers markets dollar bank cinema in the park roving art cart artworks concerts footraces holidays at city-county building pistons in the park car cruise pittsburgh cultural activities summer soul line dancing park facilities sub-menu schenley skating rink recreation centers special events sub-menu pittsburgh e-arena tournament annual gingerbread house competition independence day celebration black history month community festivals contact special events special events news about parks sub-menu citiparks phone directory parks rules park rangers park maintenance parks faq film & event management sub-menu important documents special event & block party permitting film permits special events committee public event calendar park permits sub-menu reserve park shelter sports field permit city government sub-menu mayor sub-menu biography 2025 governing agenda mayor's cabinet youth civic leadership academy press releases contact letters of support forms executive orders office of immigrant and refugee affairs my brother's keeper city-county building key focus areas i-team city controller sub-menu about the controller fiscal focus pgh audits & reports pittsburgh watchdog unclaimed property campaign finances disclosure of interest reports city council sub-menu districts clerk's office neighborhoods & wards legislative information council budget office city council contacts boards, authorities, commissions sub-menu member rosters agendas & minutes list of boards, authorities, commissions legal services sub-menu department of law office of equal protection commission on human relations ethics hearing board office of municipal investigations city ordinances file a claim with law right to know jobs sub-menu careers human resources and civil service finances & budget sub-menu taxes new business registration real estate fee schedule campaign finances management & budget contacts & information sub-menu frequently requested numbers city press release archive city channel pittsburgh safety sub-menu police sub-menu police zones police officer recruitment file a police report submit a tip submit a silent complaint compliment an officer police data portal branches about police fire sub-menu fire station location map girls firefighter camp fire permit information annual reports bureau of fire contacts about bureau of fire firefighter recruitment fire safety programs animal care & control sub-menu for pet owners dog licenses spay/neuter program stray animals rodent baiting program beekeeping and farm animal permits living with wildlife animal control faqs emergency medical services sub-menu ambulance division special event operations training division annual reports ems contacts privacy practices become a paramedic freedom house emt training office of community health and safety sub-menu health and safety resources meet the staff community office hours join our team! community engagement announcements & press releases newsletter contact form alerts sub-menu public safety blotter public safety press releases public safety press release archive covid-19 updates public safety sub-menu animal care & control disruptive properties emergency management and homeland security nighttime economy office of film & event management park rangers violence prevention public safety contacts business & development sub-menu city planning sub-menu about city planning city planning meeting calendar city planning public notices commissions and boards historic preservation program public art program neighborhood planning planning projects planning programs development review process guides mobility and infrastructure sub-menu about mobility and infrastructure maps plans current domi projects transportation development review right-of-way management permits, licenses, and inspections sub-menu applications & forms one stop pgh permits licenses bulletins community resources code enforcement condemned buildings pli fees building codes appeals pli contacts announcements registrations innovation & performance sub-menu pittsburgh digital equity coalition public works sub-menu about public works contact public works environmental services architecture division street maintenance bureau forestry division zoning sub-menu zoning faq planning application and process planning reviews, public notices and public hearings housing gis sub-menu downloadable maps & data gis links & resources interactive maps address request new street name request procurement sub-menu welcome to beacon faqs bid opportunities procurement resources city buying plan pgh lab sub-menu benefits alumni startup resources faq contact us sustainability sub-menu climate action plan resilient pittsburgh food systems sustainability & resilience library affiliations & memberships environmental planning and review search you are here : home / city government / finances & budget / real estate in this section mayor city controller city council boards, authorities, commissions legal services jobs finances & budget taxes new business registration real estate treasurer sales finance permits & licenses debt obligations contact finance about finance waiver and refund request fee schedule campaign finances management & budget contacts & information real estate real estate online payment system online payment collected by magic collection solutions attention: effective september 2, 2024 all request to purchase applications must be submitted through our online portal . paper applications and applications sent via email will no longer be accepted. a $25 application fee per property will apply. the real estate division of the department of finance accepts questions from the general public for purchase of properties. the city makes certain that the requested property is not needed for public improvement. the prospective purchaser submits a request to become a qualified buyer. a qualified buyer is one who: has paid taxes, water, sewage, etc. is in compliance with city codes and policies. the approved prospective purchaser is notified of the price in the response letter to the request to purchase form. properties for sale browse available city owned properties learn more about our "court auction" property process (pdf, 141kb) effective 10-31-2024, legislation 2024-0776, enactment # 763, the city's side yard sale program has been suspended indefinitely. any side yard sales in progress or have an offer letter sent prior to 10-31-2024 will be honored. if you have received a side yard program offer letter, you must sign your proposal by12-06-2024. request to include a property in a future treasurer’s sale (no fill version) (pdf, 2mb) request to include a property in a future treasurer’s sale (fillable version) (pdf, 2mb) for additional information about the vacant lots, call the real estate division at: 412-255-2300 real estate frequently asked questions do i have to live within the city of pittsburgh to be eligible to buy property? no. you do not have to be a resident of the city of pittsburg to be eligible to purchase city-owned property. do i have to own property within the city of pittsburgh to be eligible? no. it is not a requirement of the request to purchase form that you own property in the city or even at all. renters can purchase property as long as they are approved. can i request multiple properties on my request to purchase form? no. there can only be one piece of property requested per form. if you are requesting multiple properties, each piece will require a new, separate, request to purchase form. why do the prices online all say “tbd?” pricing of all properties will be done after you are approved as a buyer. there are properties i see on the allegheny county real estate portal that are owned by the city of pittsburgh but are not on the website, why? those properties are owned by the city of pittsburgh but are currently not available for sale. if that designation changes, the property will be uploaded to the eproperty plus website and will be shown as available. what type of correspondence will i get from the city regarding the price and sale? you will receive a letter to your given address regarding your approval and the outcome and sale price of the property. that letter will have information and the directions to the next step of the sales process. how much money will i need to start my sale? you will be required to place 10% of the total purchase price or $200 (whichever is greater) down in hand money to officially start your sale with the city. if my request to purchase gets denied do i have to start the sales process all over again? no. you will have the opportunity to fix and resubmit the request to purchase form without having to start from the beginning. can i view the property/properties that i requested before i am approved? no. you will be able to set a date and time to view the property once you have been approved and received a correspondence letter from the city. will i get the properties purchased from the city of pittsburgh with a clear title? yes. the title and property will be free and clear of all back taxes and liens when you close on the property. what happens if city council does not approve the sale of the property? if city council does not approve the sale of your property, the 10% (or $200) hand money that you placed to start your sale will be returned to you in full. back to top contact us city of pittsburgh 414 grant st. pittsburgh, pa 15219 (accessibility entrance on ross st.) view on map 412-255-2621 share & connect like us on facebook follow us on x watch us on youtube get involved careers internships engagepgh explore pittsburgh disclaimers & polices | accessibility | privacy statement | sitemap © 2025 city of pittsburgh, pa | powered by granicus