login subscribe newsletters advertise | classifieds | jobs | e-trib high school sports network triblive local friday, august 11, 2023 western pennsylvania's trusted news source lawrence county added to pittsburgh metro area | triblive.com home local local front - - - - - pittsburgh allegheny westmoreland westmoreland 250 valley news dispatch regional triblive local - - - - - bethel park bridgeville signal item fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north allegheny journal north hills norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader sewickley herald shaler south hills sports sports front - - - - - steelers/nfl penguins/nhl pirates/mlb - - - - - breakfast with benz mark madden maulers riverhounds - - - - - high schools - - - - - pitt penn state wvu duquesne robert morris district colleges - - - - - outdoors other local u.s./world sports podcast network sports betting news news front - - - - - synagogue shooting trial pennsylvania business spotlight pa u.s./world coronavirus health education instagram politics trib videos partner news all stories videocharts weather specials opinion opinion front - - - - - columnists editorials cartoons featured commentary letters to the editor send a letter a&e a&e front - - - - - tv talk with rob owen theater & arts movies & tv events music books more a&e art & museums crosswords sudoku lifestyles lifestyles front - - - - - food & drink out & about more lifestyles home & garden fashion travel video - - - - - trib videos obituaries - - - - - all obituaries obituary stories pittsburgh tribune-review tribune-review valley news dispatch carnegie signal item fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north journal norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader sewickley herald shaler journal south hills record western pennsylvania's trusted news source friday, august 11, 2023 login subscribe now newsletters advertise classifieds jobs e-trib high school sports network triblive local about us get the trib sections terms of use regional lawrence county added to pittsburgh metro area ryan deto tuesday, aug. 8, 2023 4:04 p.m. | tuesday, aug. 8, 2023 4:04 p.m. courtesy of city of new castle pictured is the city of new castle in lawrence county. email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. lawrence county, the birthplace of donnie iris, chuck tanner and zambelli fireworks, is now part of the pittsburgh metro area thanks to a revised designation from the white house. the move gives the pittsburgh metro area a population boost of nearly 85,000 people, increasing its total to 2,434,021, based on u.s. census figures from july 2022. the u.s. office of management and budget updated its definitions of metropolitan statistical areas last month. previously, lawrence county had been part of the new castle micropolitan statistical area. lawrence county commissioner dan vogler said the new designation makes sense and is a positive development for the county. “the vast majority of us are steelers fans, but there are still a handful of browns fans here too,” he said. “we look at ourselves to be part of the pittsburgh region, and this helps to solidify that.” but he said the move makes sense from more than just a football standpoint. vogler said lawrence county has only increased its ties to pittsburgh in recent years. in 2009, officials redesignated the former northern portion of route 60 to make it part of interstate 376. the highway now goes south from i-80 in mercer county through lawrence county to pittsburgh, where it continues east to the pennsylvania turnpike in monroeville. with that redesignation, three interstates now go through lawrence county: i-376, i-79 and i-76 (pennsylvania turnpike). while lawrence county has been losing population in recent years along with most western pennsylvania counties, vogler said he sees some signs of growth in the southeastern part of the county. he said new housing developments have popped up there, and he thinks demand for cheaper homes is increasing near the growing population centers in neighboring butler county’s cranberry area. he said the rise of remote work and the county’s easy access to the three interstates position the county for future growth. “we have slowly but surely seen a migration of people from allegheny, southern butler and parts of beaver county,” vogler said. with the change, the pittsburgh metro area now includes eight counties: allegheny, armstrong, beaver, butler, fayette, lawrence, washington and westmoreland. the last time a county was added to the pittsburgh metro area was armstrong county in 2003. chris briem, regional economist at pitt’s center for social and urban research, attributed lawrence county’s addition to changing commuting trends. in a 2021 update of its standards, the u.s. office of management and budget said a micropolitan area would merge with a neighboring metro area if at least 25% of its working residents commuted to the metro area for work and at least 25% of people working in the micropolitan area commuted from the metro area. lawrence county is home to new castle and other municipalities such as ellwood city and new wilmington. vogler said with its proximity to youngstown, there is still some pull to ohio, but most lawrence county residents associate with pittsburgh. lawrence county planning director amy mckinney said the change could help the county increase labor force access. adding lawrence county provides pittsburgh with a bit of statistical mirage. before the county’s addition, the pittsburgh metro area had dipped 0.9% since april 2020. that placed the region in a similar camp with shrinking regions like milwaukee, boston and detroit. with the lawrence county addition, the pittsburgh metro area vaults up the charts for at least one year, even if by a technicality. now, the pittsburgh metro area has a post-pandemic growth rate of 2.6%, which is in line with regions like las vegas, atlanta and nashville. in another change, mercer county was designated as part of the hermitage micropolitan area. hermitage is the county’s largest city, with more than 16,000 residents. mercer county had been part of the youngstown-warren metro area. ryan deto is a tribune-review staff writer. you can contact ryan by email at rdeto@triblive.com or via twitter . categories: local | regional | top stories email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. more regional stories morning roundup: 5 shot in pittsburgh's middle hill neighborhood pittsburgh-area health insurers request rate increases washington county group turns unwanted plastic into usable furniture red cross offers $10 movie gift card to blood donors liquor license auction open for some southwestern pa. counties editor's picks tv talk: ‘telemarketers’ pulls back the curtain on the phone calls everyone receives (and hates) a half-century of hip-hop: genre has evolved, branched out over the decades 5 things to do in westmoreland county this weekend: aug. 11-13 gabby barrett returns home for postgame concert at pnc park 6 tips for cutting costs on back-to-school shopping more editor's picks > 1-800-909-8742 fax (724) 779-8743 210 wood street tarentum, pa 15084 © 2023 trib total media | all rights reserved about us about us advertise career opportunities contact advertising contact newsroom contact us feedback request correction resource center scholarship opportunities send letter to the editor send news tip subscribe subscriber services get the trib blog efeatures email newsletters etrib facebook home delivery instagram linkedin marketing minute store locations triblive app - app store triblive app - google play twitter sections arts & entertainment best of the best business directory circulars contests coronavirus lifestyles local news obituaries opinion our publications real estate sports video weather terms of use cookie settings privacy policy terms of service top