log out log in register myaccount subscribe newsletters advertise | classifieds | jobs | e-trib high school sports network triblive local sunday, march 9, 2025 western pennsylvania's trusted news source pittsburgh recognized as starting point for lewis and clark expedition | triblive.com home local local front - - - - - pittsburgh allegheny westmoreland valley news dispatch regional - - - - - triblive local bethel park journal bridgeville signal item fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north allegheny journal north hills journal norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader plum explosion sewickley herald shaler journal south hills record sports sports front - - - - - steelers/nfl penguins/nhl pirates/mlb - - - - - breakfast with benz mark madden pitt penn state wvu duquesne robert morris - - - - - - - - - - high schools ncaa sports district colleges riverhounds outdoors - - - - - u.s./world sports olympics golf other local podcast network sports betting news news front - - - - - pennsylvania spotlight pa business bridge to business u.s./world health education instagram politics partner news from the newsroom special projects trib videos weather all stories opinion opinion front - - - - - columnists editorials cartoons featured commentary letters to the editor send a letter a&e a&e front - - - - - tv talk with rob owen music concert reviews movies & tv theater & arts events books art & museums crosswords sudoku more a&e lifestyles lifestyles front - - - - - food & drink more lifestyles asking for a friend home & garden travel video - - - - - trib videos obituaries - - - - - obituary stories tribune-review valley news dispatch carnegie signal item fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north journal norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader sewickley herald shaler journal south hills record online only all obituaries western pennsylvania's trusted news source sunday, march 9, 2025 log out log in register myaccount subscribe newsletters advertise classifieds jobs e-trib high school sports network triblive local about us get the trib sections terms of use allegheny pittsburgh recognized as starting point for lewis and clark expedition bob bauder sunday, march 10, 2019 12:01 a.m. | sunday, march 10, 2019 12:01 a.m. go ad-free today! tribune-review a boat with lewis and clark re-enactors performs a test run along the monongahela river from elizabeth to point state park on sept. 2, 2000. the group was practicing for the lewis and clark bicentennial in 2003. email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. the federal government has recognized pittsburgh as the starting point for the lewis and clark expedition. it was america’s first great effort to explore and chart the western united states and find a navigable water route across the continent to improve and increase commerce. the trip covered about 8,000 miles from pittsburgh to oregon and took nearly three years, from 1803 to 1806. president thomas jefferson, who commissioned the expedition, chose meriwether lewis to lead it. lewis invited william clark, a skilled river man, geographer and mapmaker, to share leadership. the federal government in 1978 established the lewis and clark national historic trail from wood river, ill., to the mouth of the columbia river in oregon but failed to recognize pittsburgh as the expedition’s starting point. historians and advocates lobbied for years to include the 1,200 miles from pittsburgh to wood river. the u.s. house and senate on feb. 12 approved the addition under the eastern legacy extension act. president trump is expected to sign the bill within days, according to the lewis and clark trail heritage foundation. “it’s a huge thing,” said john mcnulty, 55, of pittsburgh’s elliott neighborhood, a lewis and clark re-enactor and longtime advocate for the extension. “it will open a whole new chapter of awareness for our town. to me, it feels like two or three super bowls thrown into one.” local officials said the designation would help increase regional tourism and possibly leverage federal and state grant money for cultural and historic attractions. mcnulty said the designation could help generate funding for things such as the old stone tavern dating from the late 1700s in pittsburgh’s west end and development of new riverfront trails. brenda applegate, executive director of the beaver county historical research and landmarks foundation, said the region has a head start in marking the trail. the organization through grant funding has established interpretive historic markers in six spots where the expedition stopped between pittsburgh and the ohio state line. she said markers are located in elizabeth, where a 55-foot keelboat was supposedly built for the trip; baden, the site of america’s first professional military training ground; rochester, at the confluence of the beaver and ohio rivers; fort mcintosh, in beaver; georgetown; and a spot known as the “point of beginning” at the ohio state line, which was used as a starting point to survey the western united states. applegate said a seventh marker would be placed this spring in duquesne heights overlooking brunot’s island in the ohio river. “finally. it’s about time,” she said after learning that congress had approved the trail extension. “there’s a lot of people that followed the lewis and clark trail starting in st. louis, and there will be people be coming to pittsburgh to follow the trail along the ohio river.” remove the ads from your triblive reading experience but still support the journalists who create the content with triblive ad-free. get ad-free > sign up for notifications stay up-to-date on important news from triblive categories: local | allegheny | top stories email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. more allegheny stories va pittsburgh nurse accused of illegally obtaining opioid painkillers because of pandemic, pittsburgh fashion week has virtual look this year pitt reports 37 new coronavirus cases over the weekend, 68 in a week social media followers, police, lead to discovery of stolen pgh halal truck mine cleanups in cook, fawn townships among those targeted by state program content you may have missed news spotlight new year, new countertops: refresh your kitchen or bathroom on a budget vangura partner news what is the importance of life skills in martial arts for children? champion martial arts partner news dodgers leave freddie freeman in los angeles to rest a sore right ankle ahead of the playoffs kdka syria's worst violence in months reopens wounds of the civil war ap top tools for diy auto maintenance in 2025 elusive auto shine partner news the future of live podcasting: beyond conventional broadcasting poduty live's podcast theater partner news piaa sets times, sites for wednesday's 2nd-round basketball matchups triblive facing competition from big tech, states dangle incentives and loosen laws to attract power plants ap ice arrests palestinian activist who helped lead columbia university protests, his lawyer says ap transforming your bathroom: top trends for 2025 mt pleasant window & remodeling co. partner news content you may have missed editor's picks kraftwerk's '70s electropop still sounds as modern as ever authorites reveal causes of death for gene hackman, his wife tracii guns on l.a. guns' new 'leopard skin' album: 'it's definitely not a metal record' crystal light vodka refreshers set to join hard seltzer market 'fiscal prudence' at pitt, cmu means science writers 2025 won't be held in pittsburgh more editor's picks > 1-800-909-8742 fax (724) 779-8743 210 wood street tarentum, pa 15084 © 2025 trib total media | all rights reserved about us about us advertise career opportunities contact advertising contact newsroom contact us feedback request correction resource center scholarship opportunities send letter to the editor send news tip subscribe subscriber services get the trib blog email newsletters etrib facebook home delivery instagram linkedin marketing minute store locations triblive app - app store triblive app - google play x (formerly twitter) sections arts & entertainment best of the best business directory contests lifestyles local news yajagoff obituaries opinion our publications real estate sports video weather terms of use cookie settings privacy policy terms of service top