public safety - pittsburgh, pa opens in new tab or window 311 service alert beginning at 6pm tonight (3/7), the 311 system will be undergoing maintenance and enhancements and will have limited functionality until 3/10. please call 311 to leave a message, or try submitting again on monday close this announcement skip to main content quick links 311 contact facebook twitter youtube english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language select a language to translate to english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language city of pittsburgh, pa - home - logo open search menu resident services sub-menu trash & recycling sub-menu collection schedule and newsletter curbside pick up commercial recycling special event recycling drop-off info & additional resources anti-litter and illegal dumping 311 sub-menu contacting 311 ada & disability rights sub-menu take our accessibility survey disability resources center statutes & policies city county task force on disability make an accommodations request ccb accessibility entrance file a grievance oep news faqs snow removal sub-menu snow plow tracker snow & ice road maintenance sub-menu street maintenance paving schedule potholes road safety food programs sub-menu after school feeding program summer food program bigburgh pets & animals sub-menu dog license animal control community programming sub-menu love your block city cuts snow angels black pittsburgh matters immigrant and refugee affairs tree resources sub-menu tree planting request tree work forestry division recreation & events sub-menu parks sub-menu our parks for kids for seniors dog parks tennis citisports outdoor activities city farms community garden plots pools sub-menu oliver bath house outdoor pools spray parks pool fees rules citiparks lifeguard events sub-menu farmers markets dollar bank cinema in the park roving art cart artworks concerts footraces holidays at city-county building pistons in the park car cruise pittsburgh cultural activities summer soul line dancing park facilities sub-menu schenley skating rink recreation centers special events sub-menu pittsburgh e-arena tournament annual gingerbread house competition independence day celebration black history month community festivals contact special events special events news about parks sub-menu citiparks phone directory parks rules park rangers park maintenance parks faq film & event management sub-menu important documents special event & block party permitting film permits special events committee public event calendar park permits sub-menu reserve park shelter sports field permit city government sub-menu mayor sub-menu biography 2025 governing agenda mayor's cabinet youth civic leadership academy press releases contact letters of support forms executive orders office of immigrant and refugee affairs my brother's keeper city-county building key focus areas i-team city controller sub-menu about the controller fiscal focus pgh audits & reports pittsburgh watchdog unclaimed property campaign finances disclosure of interest reports city council sub-menu districts clerk's office neighborhoods & wards legislative information council budget office city council contacts boards, authorities, commissions sub-menu member rosters agendas & minutes list of boards, authorities, commissions legal services sub-menu department of law office of equal protection commission on human relations ethics hearing board office of municipal investigations city ordinances file a claim with law right to know jobs sub-menu careers human resources and civil service finances & budget sub-menu taxes new business registration real estate fee schedule campaign finances management & budget contacts & information sub-menu frequently requested numbers city press release archive city channel pittsburgh safety sub-menu police sub-menu police zones police officer recruitment file a police report submit a tip submit a silent complaint compliment an officer police data portal branches about police fire sub-menu fire station location map girls firefighter camp fire permit information annual reports bureau of fire contacts about bureau of fire firefighter recruitment fire safety programs animal care & control sub-menu for pet owners dog licenses spay/neuter program stray animals rodent baiting program beekeeping and farm animal permits living with wildlife animal control faqs emergency medical services sub-menu ambulance division special event operations training division annual reports ems contacts privacy practices become a paramedic freedom house emt training office of community health and safety sub-menu health and safety resources meet the staff community office hours join our team! community engagement announcements & press releases newsletter contact form alerts sub-menu public safety blotter public safety press releases public safety press release archive covid-19 updates public safety sub-menu animal care & control disruptive properties emergency management and homeland security nighttime economy office of film & event management park rangers violence prevention public safety contacts business & development sub-menu city planning sub-menu about city planning city planning meeting calendar city planning public notices commissions and boards historic preservation program public art program neighborhood planning planning projects planning programs development review process guides mobility and infrastructure sub-menu about mobility and infrastructure maps plans current domi projects transportation development review right-of-way management permits, licenses, and inspections sub-menu applications & forms one stop pgh permits licenses bulletins community resources code enforcement condemned buildings pli fees building codes appeals pli contacts announcements registrations innovation & performance sub-menu pittsburgh digital equity coalition public works sub-menu about public works contact public works environmental services architecture division street maintenance bureau forestry division zoning sub-menu zoning faq planning application and process planning reviews, public notices and public hearings housing gis sub-menu downloadable maps & data gis links & resources interactive maps address request new street name request procurement sub-menu welcome to beacon faqs bid opportunities procurement resources city buying plan pgh lab sub-menu benefits alumni startup resources faq contact us sustainability sub-menu climate action plan resilient pittsburgh food systems sustainability & resilience library affiliations & memberships environmental planning and review search you are here : home / city government / contacts & information / city press release archive / public safety public safety download article to pdf title article post date pittsburgh public safety is hiring new school crossing guards pittsburgh, pa, (august 19, 2019) –  the city of pittsburgh public safety department is currently accepting applications for school crossing guards to fill vacancies at various school crossings throughout the city. all applicants must be at least 18 years of age, possess a valid class c pennsylvania driver’s license, must pass a background check, and are required to be city of pittsburgh residents throughout the duration of their employment. there are other requirements too, according to veteran city of pittsburgh crossing guard, marlene lamanna. “you must be able to tolerate all weather, be willing to travel around the city and, most importantly, you have to really love children,” says lamanna. but after 41 years on the job, she says the latter requirement is the best part. “you’re basically the first person they see in the morning and they share everything with us,” she said. and that, lamanna says, can lead to life-long friendships. “we see generations,” lamanna said. “people we crossed as children will now come back with their own children.” apply directly on the city of pittsburgh website:  16/8/2019 16:49:54 graffiti tagger charged for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on march 19, the graffiti squad charged tylor o’connell, 22, of brentwood with 19 counts of criminal mischief for his graffiti tags painted throughout the city. damages from his graffiti are estimated to be approximately $26,450. o’connell’s tags “adbye” and “ruke” were prominent in brookline, carrick and beechview. 21/3/2017 13:17:16 we all are peacekeepers as members of the pittsburgh community, we wanted to reach out to you ahead of this weekend's planned protests and ask for your help in keeping the peace. there has been much speculation as to who will show-up at this weekend's protests and what their intentions will be. we assure you that our officers and detectives are working to learn as much about these events as possible so we can do our best to protect our citizens and our city, but we need your help. as trusted community leaders, we are counting on you to help spread a message of peace to your community groups, churches, schools, and in the streets. we cannot and will not tolerate violence, and we do not want to be the next charlottesville. to that end, we want to make sure each of you are aware of our obligation to our residents and visitors, as well as our philosophy when it comes to handling protests. first, we have a legal and ethical obligation to protect all protesters. white, black, republican, democrat, anti-police, pro-trump, anti-trump, pro-union, anti-union; it doesn't matter. as police officers, we are obligated to check our personal feelings at the door. we have one job to do: keep the peace and ensure everyone is afforded the opportunity to safely exercise their first amendment rights. on a personal level, we do not always agree with the opinions and beliefs of those we are sworn to protect, but as police officers, that simply doesn't matter. we will treat everybody in a fair and equitable manner. we cannot and will not pick sides. second, we want to make sure that you are aware of our philosophy on peaceful protests, so everyone has a basic understanding of why we do what we do. in general, when we are called to a protest and it is peaceful, we protect all parties involved and help facilitate the event. we will not arrest protesters who are simply exercising their constitutional rights. as a general rule, we will not arrest participants if they are doing nothing more than blocking traffic. however, if and when an event turns violent or destructive, we will take action. we cannot allow participants to cause injury or destroy property. if and when this occurs, we will make arrests. in closing, we want to assure you that we are working to make this weekend's events run as smoothly as possible. there is a saying in policing that we "hope for the best, but plan for the worst." having dedicated and respected community leaders such as yourselves out there encouraging peace and unity is key piece of that plan. thank you all and stay safe. 16/8/2017 17:00:07 arrest made in non-fatal shooting for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – today, the group violence intervention unit arrested 19-year-old tyler sherrell for the shooting of a 72-year-old female in sheraden. sherell has been charged with criminal attempt homicide, conspiracy, aggravated assault, and firearms charges. it is important to note that gvi detectives continue to look for three additional persons of interest. anyone with information that could lead to the identity of any or all of those additional people, should call 412-323-7800 and ask for the group violence intervention unit. according to the investigation, on tuesday, august 8 at approximately 10 p.m., zone 6 officers were dispatched to the 1100 block of faulkner street for a report of a female was shot. upon arrival, the 72-year-old victim was found to be conscious and breathing. according to the investigation, the victim was in the vicinity of a group of individuals when a car pulled up and someone inside began firing shots. she was struck once in the face near her mouth. paramedics transported her to agh where she is recovering from her injuries. the investigation is on going. ### 16/8/2017 10:02:20 fatal shooting in middle hill under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 8 p.m., paramedics and zone 2 officers were dispatched to shemp way in the middle hill for a report of a male down on the street. upon arrival, the adult victim was discovered with a gunshot wound to the face. paramedics pronounced him deceased at the scene. no further details are available. the violent crime unit will continue the investigation. anyone with information regarding this fatal shooting should call vcu at 412-323-7800. ### 17/8/2017 21:08:08 need help identifying bike thief for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – zone 1 detectives are seeking the assistance of the public in identifying a male who stole a bike outside of the rivers casino on august 14. according to the investigation, the 81-year-old victim rode his bike from oakland and parked it outside of the casino. he returned to find his bike, valued at approximately $2,000, had been stolen.  the bike is a specialized tricross expert, size 52. it is red with white trim. according to surveillance video, the actor appears to be a middle-age black male with a goatee. he may be around 6 feet tall. he was wearing a white t-shirt and blue pants. anyone who can identify the actor is encouraged to call zone 1 at 412-323-7201. ### 16/8/2017 19:15:02 update: male in arrested after shooting in marshall-shadeland for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 5:08 a.m., paramedics and zone 1 officers were dispatched to the 2400 block of colorado street for a report that a male had been shot. upon arrival, the 25-year-old male victim was found with multiple gunshot wounds to his lower extremities. paramedics transported him to agh where he was last reported to be in stable condition. the group violence intervention unit as arrested 41-year-old brett thomas beecher on charges of criminal attempt homicide, aggravated assault, reckless endangerment of another person, and firearms violations. according to the investigation, beecher and the victim are friends and were in beecher's living room on the second floor of the residence when the shooting occurred. there is no mugshot available. ### 18/8/2017 06:34:54 female grazed by bullet in homewood for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 4:20 p.m., officers responded to the 500 block of n. lang avenue near stargell field in homewood for a report that shots had been fired. upon arrival, officers learned that an adult female had been grazed in the head and foot. she was walking and was alert. paramedics transported her to upmc presby in stable condition. at this point in the investigation, no information is available concerning the shooter/shooters or circumstances that led to the shooting. the group violence intervention unit will continue the investigation. ### 19/8/2017 17:14:50 south side bank robbery under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the violent crime unit is investigating a bank robbery at approximately at the dollar bank at 1712 e. carson street. according to the investigation, a white male entered the bank around 1 p.m.  on monday, august 21 he approached a teller and displayed a knife.  he is described as being approximately 6'2" with a thin build. he wore sunglasses and a long brunette wig. he fled on foot toward sarah street with an undisclosed amount of cash. anyone who can help identify this male is encouraged to call police headquarters at 412-323-7800 and ask for the violent crime unit. ### 21/8/2017 17:19:52 business robbery in brighton heights for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 2:20 p.m. on tuesday, august 22, the metro pcs at 3623 california avenue was robbed at gunpoint. according to the investigation, a black male with long braids entered the store. he was wearing dark clothing, a scarf covered his face, and he was carrying a silver handgun. the salesperson was waiting on two customers when the actor pointed the gun at him and demanded money from the cash resgister. he fled on foot with an undisclosed amount of cash on california avenue toward davis avenue. the investigation is ongoing. ### 22/8/2017 18:06:03 male arrested after shots fired call in hill district for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 9:45 a.m. on wednesday, august 23, zone 2 officers were dispatched to the area around the 2400 block of bedford avenue for a report that a male was shooting a firearm. he was described as wearing a black adidas hooded sweatshirt, a black ball cap with a lighter colored brim, and dark blue jeans. officers spotted a person matching that description walking on junilla street toward wylie avenue. the male ran when he saw the officers and foot pursuit followed. he ran into the basement of an abandoned house on webster avenue. the actor, identified as 29-year-old terrell lamar lineburg, was taken into custody with the assistance of a k-9 officer. two stolen firearms were recovered. his charges include person not to possess a firearm, firarms not to be carried without a license, and receiving stolen property. a mugshot is not currently available. ### 23/8/2017 15:36:38 male arrested after shots fired call in hill district for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 9:45 a.m. on wednesday, august 23, zone 2 officers were dispatched to the area around the 2400 block of bedford avenue for a report that a male was shooting a firearm. he was described as wearing a black adidas hooded sweatshirt, a black ball cap with a lighter colored brim, and dark blue jeans. officers spotted a person matching that description walking on junilla street toward wylie avenue. the male ran when he saw the officers and foot pursuit followed. he ran into the basement of an abandoned house on webster avenue. the actor, identified as 29-year-old terrell lamar lineburg, was taken into custody with the assistance of a k-9 officer. two stolen firearms were recovered. his charges include person not to possess a firearm, firarms not to be carried without a license, and receiving stolen property. a mugshot is not currently available. ### 23/8/2017 15:35:05 male arrested after shots fired call in hill district for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 9:45 a.m. on wednesday, august 23, zone 2 officers were dispatched to the area around the 2400 block of bedford avenue for a report that a male was shooting a firearm. he was described as wearing a black adidas hooded sweatshirt, a black ball cap with a lighter colored brim, and dark blue jeans. officers spotted a person matching that description walking on junilla street toward wylie avenue. the male ran when he saw the officers and foot pursuit followed. he ran into the basement of an abandoned house on webster avenue. the actor, identified as 29-year-old terrell lamar lineburg, was taken into custody with the assistance of a k-9 officer. two stolen firearms were recovered. his charges include person not to possess a firearm, firarms not to be carried without a license, and receiving stolen property. a mugshot is not currently available. ### 23/8/2017 15:41:35 male arrested after shots fired call in hill district for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 9:45 a.m. on wednesday, august 23, zone 2 officers were dispatched to the area around the 2400 block of bedford avenue for a report that a male was shooting a firearm. he was described as wearing a black adidas hooded sweatshirt, a black ball cap with a lighter colored brim, and dark blue jeans. officers spotted a person matching that description walking on junilla street toward wylie avenue. the male ran when he saw the officers and foot pursuit followed. he ran into the basement of an abandoned house on webster avenue. the actor, identified as 29-year-old terrell lamar lineburg, was taken into custody with the assistance of a k-9 officer. two stolen firearms were recovered. his charges include person not to possess a firearm, firarms not to be carried without a license, and receiving stolen property. a mugshot is not currently available. ### 23/8/2017 15:36:39 male arrested after shots fired call in hill district for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 9:45 a.m. on wednesday, august 23, zone 2 officers were dispatched to the area around the 2400 block of bedford avenue for a report that a male was shooting a firearm. he was described as wearing a black adidas hooded sweatshirt, a black ball cap with a lighter colored brim, and dark blue jeans. officers spotted a person matching that description walking on junilla street toward wylie avenue. the male ran when he saw the officers and foot pursuit followed. he ran into the basement of an abandoned house on webster avenue. the actor, identified as 29-year-old terrell lamar lineburg, was taken into custody with the assistance of a k-9 officer. two stolen firearms were recovered. his charges include person not to possess a firearm, firarms not to be carried without a license, and receiving stolen property. a mugshot is not currently available. ### 23/8/2017 15:35:13 male arrested after shots fired call in hill district for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 9:45 a.m. on wednesday, august 23, zone 2 officers were dispatched to the area around the 2400 block of bedford avenue for a report that a male was shooting a firearm. he was described as wearing a black adidas hooded sweatshirt, a black ball cap with a lighter colored brim, and dark blue jeans. officers spotted a person matching that description walking on junilla street toward wylie avenue. the male ran when he saw the officers and foot pursuit followed. he ran into the basement of an abandoned house on webster avenue. the actor, identified as 29-year-old terrell lamar lineburg, was taken into custody with the assistance of a k-9 officer. two stolen firearms were recovered. his charges include person not to possess a firearm, firarms not to be carried without a license, and receiving stolen property. a mugshot is not currently available. ### 23/8/2017 15:36:33 male shot in garfield pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 4:20 p.m. on august 24, 2017, paramedics and zone 5 police were dispatched to the area of n. aiken avenue and mossfield street in garfield for a report that a male had been shot. 9-1-1 dispatchers updated the call to inform responders that the victim had been taken to children's hospital of pittsburgh of upmc by private means. he was last reported to be in guarded condition/one step below critical with a gunshot wound to the side of his chest area. a male was seen running from the scene. no description is available. the group violence initiative unit is continuing the investigation. 24/8/2017 19:02:37 south side bank robbery under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – shortly after 3 p.m. on august 24, 2017, zone 3 officers were dispatched to first commonwealth bank, 2501 e. carson st., for a report of a robbery. according to the investigation, a white male entered the bank and approached a teller. he placed a gun on the counter and demanded money. he is described as being approximately 6'2" and having a thin build. he was wearing a dark baseball hat with some sort of black hosiery covering most of his face, blue jeans and a grey shirt. he fled on foot with an undisclosed amount of cash down e. carson toward s. 24th street. the violent crime unit is continuing the investigation. 24/8/2017 18:51:23 carrick 3-alarm fire under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 3:40 p.m., firefighters were dispatched to a fire at a residence in the 1900 block of mount joseph street in carrick. the fire appeared to have originated in the basement of the 2 ½ story structure and went to a third alarm. there were two people home at the time and they both got out on their own without injury. one firefighter was transported to a local hospital for evaluation. animal care and control was called to the scene for a dog that died inside the residence. the cause of the fire is under investigation. ### 26/8/2017 18:36:43 marshall-shadeland carjacking under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 10:30 p.m. on sunday, august 28, 2017, zone 1 officers were dispatched to marshall-shadland to take a report of an armed car jacking near the intersection of stayton street and rancheria street. according to the investigation, the female victim was driving northbound on stayton street in her 2011 chevrolet malibu when, at a stop sign at stayton and rancheria streets, two black males approached the car. one had a handgun and threatened to shoot her if she did not get out of the car. they were both wearing all dark clothing. it is believed that at least two other black males got into the vehicle on rancheria street. the victim was not injured during the altercation. at approximately 12:30 a.m. on monday, august 29, zone 3 officers assisted port authority police in the recovery of the victim's vehicle near the intersection of arlington and e. warrington avenues. port authority took the sole occupant of the vehicle into custody. the investigation of the carjacking is on going. ### 28/8/2017 09:29:59 police looking for female who used a stolen credit card for immediate release pittsburgh, pa –  detectives at the zone 4 police station are requesting the assistance of the public in identifying the female shown in the red t-shirt in the accompanying photo. she is shown in a store in the strip district using a credit card that was stolen from a vehicle that was parked on schenley drive in oakland. according to the investigation, on 8/21/17 at approximately 3:45 p.m., the victims returned to their parked red chevrolet silverado to find the rear passenger side window was smashed and a purse that had been left inside was missing. anyone who can identify the woman in the red t-shirt, should call zone 4 at 412-422-6520 and ask for a detective. ### 29/8/2017 17:59:21 fatal fineview shooting under investigation update: the violent crime unit has arrested davon jones, 26, in connection with the fatal shooting outlined below. several leads helped detectives identify jones, a resident of the east allegheny section of the north side, as the likely shooter. a detective spotted him on lorraine street shortly before 12:20 p.m. on wednesday, august 30. jones ran from the detective. with the assistance of the state police, port authority police, pittsburgh public school police, and a citizen who called 9-1-1, he was located and taken into custody on hazlip street 59 minutes after being spotted. in addition to criminal homicide, his charges will include being a former felon not to posses a firearm. for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 10:56 p.m. on tuesday, august 29, paramedics and zone 1 officers were dispatched to the 1700 block of belleau drive in fineview for a report that a male had been shot. upon arrival, the 29-year-old male victim (identified by the allegheny county medical examiner as brian pinkney) was located outside in the courtyard. he had been shot at least once in the head. paramedics transported him to agh where he was pronounced deceased. the violent crime unit is continuing the investigation. anyone with information regarding this incident is encouraged to call vcu at 412-323-7800 . ### 29/8/2017 17:58:59 washington blvd. flood gates to be checked for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the departments of public safety and public works will conduct a routine check of the flood gates along washington boulevard tomorrow (thursday, august 31). the public is advised that the test will close a portion of washington boulevard from negley run to allegheny river boulevard, and highland drive at lemington avenue from 4 a.m. to no later than 5:30 a.m. the most recent routine check occurred on may 10, 2017 and all systems were found to be working appropriately. ### 30/8/2017 10:48:41 update: south side bank robberies under investigation update 9/7/2017: benjamin charles plesset, 43, of carnegie, pa in connection with the investigation outlined below involving the robbery of three banks: dollar bank, 1712 e. carson street on august 21, 2017; and first commonwealth bank, 2501 e. carson street on august 24 and 30. he is being charged with four counts of robbery (there were two tellers robbed at one bank), and one count of aggravated assault for pointing a gun at a security guard on august 30 at first commonwealth. benjamin charles plesset for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 3:26 p.m. on wednesday, august 30, zone 3 officers were dispatched to first commonwealth bank, 2501 e. carson st., for a report of an armed robbery. according to the investigation, a white male entered the bank, pointed a black handgun at a security guard and ordered him to get down. the actor then pointed the gun at a teller. he demanded money from two tellers before exiting the bank. he is described as being 6'2" to 6'3" tall and slim. he wore a black baseball cap with a black stocking pulled over his face, a gray windbreaker, light blue jeans, and black tennis shoes. he fled on foot with an undisclosed amount of cash.  the violent crime unit will continue the investigation and will determine if this robbery is connected with a previous robbery at the same bank and a second robbery at a nearby bank. photos or video are not currently available. ### 30/8/2017 19:33:07 woman dies in train hopping incident for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 2:30 a.m. on sunday, september 3, pittsburgh police, fire, and ems were dispatched to the norfolk southern train tracks in the area of s. 8th street and e. carson street for a report that two people had been injured by a train. upon arrival, responders discovered that a male and a female had been train hoping when the female fell and was dragged under a train. she was pronounced deceased at the scene. the male also fell and suffered an ankle injury. there is no additional information available. ### 3/9/2017 08:05:33 6-year-old injured in car crash in hazelwood for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on september 3, 2017 at approximately 7 p.m., paramedics, rescue paramedics, and zone 4 officers were dispatched to the 600 block of johnston avenue for a report that a 10-year-old male had been struck by a car and had become pinned underneath it. upon arrival, the car was located partially on the sidewalk with the front end on the road way. rescue paramedics lifted the vehicle and removed the front passenger side wheel to extricate the child who was later determined to be 6 years old. paramedics transported him to children’s hospital of pittsburgh of upmc where he was last reported to be in stable. according to the investigation, the patient’s 4-year-old brother wanted to go to chuck e. cheese, retrieved the car keys, and got into the car with his older brother. the 4-year-old boy was able to get the car into reverse. his brother fell out of the car and became pinned underneath. ### 4/9/2017 10:30:19 2 arrested after shot fired, vehicle pursuit for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on sunday, september 3, at approximately 11:48 p.m., a zone 3 officer was collecting information for a police report about a hit and run incident when they heard approximately 10 to 15 gun shots coming from the direction of climax street and haberman avenue. he saw two vehicles driving on climax toward beltzhoover avenue at a high rate of speed. he pursued and was able to stop one vehicle. the driver stated he had been shot at while driving but was unharmed, and was fleeing the actor vehicle. an alert was issued over the radio to be on the look out for a silver or gray sedan. then at approximately 1 a.m. on monday, september 4, zone 3 officers began a vehicle pursuit of a gray ford fusion on bausman street at bernd street in knoxville. the pursuit ended in the 100 block of cape may avenue in beechview when the passenger bailed from the vehicle and ran. officers put out a description of the passenger, later identified as 19-year-old devonta coaston of duquesne heights. he was spotted in the back yard of a residence in the 100 block of cape may and taken into custody without incident. a gun was recovered from the scene. on his person was found multiple bundles of heroin and an undisclosed amount of cash. his charges include criminal conspiracy, aggravated assault, possession of a small amount of marijuana, persons not to possess firearms, firearms not to be carried without a license, possession of a controlled substance, and possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance. also arrested was the driver keevenn montazz jackson, 18, of brookline. mug shots are not currently available. his charges include criminal conspiracy, aggraved assault, persons not to posses firearms, firearms not to be carried without a license, and driving without a license. ### 4/9/2017 09:57:49 test release for immediate release this is a test. this is only a test.  this is still only a test. 6/9/2017 13:43:03 non-fatal shooting in east hills under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 10:20 p.m.on saturday, september 9, a shotspotter notification alerted zone 5 that three shots were fired in the 500 block of oakwood street in east hills. upon arrival, officers located a 31-year-old male victim with two wounds to his right leg. no information is available about a shooter or how the incident occurred. the group violence intervention unit is investigating. ### 9/9/2017 23:22:50 two males shot in beltzhoover for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 5:30 p.m. on monday, september 11, a zone 3 officer was in the 200 block of beltzhoover avenue in beltzhoover speaking with a group of juveniles when he heard gunshots and observed a tan vehicle come over the crest of beltzhoover avenue from the direction of e. warrington avenue at a high rate of speed. the vehicle, a tan hyundai elantra that was occupied by two males, wrecked into an unoccupied, parked, blue jeep and pushed it into a telephone pole. the elantra then struck a tan chevrolet malibu that was parked by the jeep and occupied by a male, female, and child. the crash caused powerlines to fall and gasoline to leak out of the malibu. paramedics transported the female from the malibu to upmc mercy where she was last listed in stable condition. the other two occupants of the malibu were treated for minor injuries. the driver of the elantra attempted to flee the scene on foot, but collapsed on cimax street near curtin. he had been shot at least once in the back. the passenger was also shot at least once in the back. paramedics transported both to a local hospital. their injuries are not expected to be life threatening. the investigation is ongoing. anyone who has information about this incident should call 412-323-7800 to speak with detectives in the violent crime unit. ### 11/9/2017 21:26:48 male discovered deceased in stanton heights home for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – shortly after 6 p.m. on september 11, 2017, police and ems were called to a home in the 1100 block of oglethorpe avenue in stanton heights for a report that a male was lying face down and was unresponsive. upon arrival, the 46-year-old male was located inside of the front, first-floor window; however, a large amount of trash prevented responders from getting to him immediately. rescue paramedics and a hazmat team were also called to the scene. once a path was cleared, paramedics pronounced the male deceased at the scene. the male's mother, who also lives at the residence, called 9-1-1. the departments of permits, licenses and inspections and public works were also notified. ### 11/9/2017 23:03:48 female arrested after fleeing police for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 11:52 a.m. on september 12, 2017, zone 6 officers initiated a traffic stop on a white chevrolet hhr at wasbash street and greentree road. secured on the rear of the vehicle was a sign that read: "no driver license or insurance required, private, not for commerce use - private mode of travel." an officer recognized the vehicle as one that has been stopped previously by multiple zone 6 officers because the vehicle does not have a valid registration. the female driver failed to stop and continued driving at speeds ranging from 15 to 45 miles per hour before coming to a stop and cooperating with police. the driver continued driving on greentree road toward greentree making a left turn at the intersection of mckenney lane and greentree road. the driver then turned into a parking lot along mckinney lane and came to a stop. an officer exited his patrol car. a k-9 officer arrived and also exited his patrol vehicle. an adult female passenger got out of the actor vehicle. the driver drove the chevrolet toward the k-9 officer at a very low speed striking him multiple times before driving out of the parking lot and leading pittsburgh and greentree officers onto chatham park drive, back onto greentree road, onto 376 toward the city of pittsburgh. the driver left the female passenger behind. at approximately 12:09 p.m., the driver informed the 9-1-1 call center that she had two children in the vehicle. the driver finally stopped on the 40th street bridge. the infant and 2-year-old were not harmed. the k-9 officer was not majorly injured. the 31-year-old female driver, identified as candice dixon, has been arrested on charges that include 2 counts of endangering the welfare of children, aggravated assault, fleeing or attempting to elude police officer, and driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked. a mug shot is not currently available. ### 12/9/2017 15:11:34 armed business robber sought by investigators for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the pittsburgh bureau of police violent crime unit is releasing vide surveillance of an armed robbery that occurred at the pizza hut, 2158 brownsville road, in the carrick shopping center on tuesday, september 12, 2017. the male actor is shown outside of the business. he is described as a white male with blonde hair and blue eyes. he is approximately 5'9" and weighs approximately 170 pounds. he was wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt, a blue baseball hat, blue jeans, black and green tennis shoes and was carrying a black back pack. he entered the restaurant, brandished a large kitchen knife, jumped over the counter, and demanded money. he made off with an undisclosed amount of cash and apologized to the employees. if you can identify him, call police headquarters at 412-323-7800. follow this link to view video of the actor:  ### 14/9/2017 22:41:10 update: male fatally shot on south side slopes update 11 p.m. 9/14/17 – an investigation has determined the actor responsible for the fatal shooting of a 43-year-old male in the 2300 block of mission street to be louis dickerson, 42, of the south side slopes. dickerson's charges include criminal homicide, tampering with evidence, and persons not to possess firearms. according to the investigation, the shooting occurred when dickerson was drinking and playing cards with the victim and they got into a agrument about something. for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 5:09 a.m. on thursday, september 14, paramedics and zone 3 officers were dispatched to a residence in the 2300 block of mission street for a report that a male had been shot. upon arrival, the male victim was located on the second floor of the residence with at least one gunshot wound. paramedics pronounced him deceased at the scene. the victim is believed to be in his 40s. the violent crime unit is continuing the investigation. ### 14/9/2017 07:13:24 double shooting in homewood south under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – shortly before 3 a.m. on september 16, 2017 zone 5 officers were responding to the area of bennett and tokay street for a report of shots fired when they encountered two individuals who had been shot. the victims were on foot near the intersection of frankstown avenue and tyson street. the 29-year-old male victim had been shot in the back and the 28-year-old female victim was shot in the arm. paramedics transported them both to upmc presbyterian where they were last reported to be in stable condition. according to the investigation, the two were in a car that had been shot multiple times near the intersection of bennett and tokay streets. the vehicle was located crashed into a nearby pole. the investigation is ongoing. ### 16/9/2017 06:09:30 3 shooting victims in stable condition for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 3:42 p.m., zone 6 officers were responding to the scene of a shooting in the 3200 block of huxley street in sheraden when, near the intersection of huxley and faulkner street, they encountered a blue chrysler mini van that matched the description of the reported getaway vehicle. it had also been reported that there were multiple shooters at the scene. the mini van was fleeing at a high rate of speed and drove across the west end bridge to the northside where it crashed near the intersection of behan street and galveston avenue. paramedics transported a 4-year-old female, who was shot in the head, to children's hospital of pittsburgh of upmc; a 57-year-old female with multiple gunshot wounds to agh; and a 23-year-old male with minor injuries from gunshots to upmc presbyterian. all three were last reported to be in stable condition. the three male occupants of the minivan fled on foot after it crashed. one was taken into custody near train tracks near the 800 block of pennsylvania avenue. the other two were located in the backyards of separate houses in the area. one of the three is 17 years old. a gun, believed to have been used in the shooting, was recovered along the route taken by the fleeing vehicle.  all three have been arrested and transported to the allegheny county jail, they are 24-year-old rico green, 17-year-old diontae hollinger, and 20-year-old tywan david. ### 16/9/2017 18:37:12 bank robbery under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – violent crime unit detectives are investigating a robbery at the huntington bank located at smithfield street and 7th avenue, downtown. on september 15, 2017 at approximately 3:45 p.m., a black male entered the bank wearing a long curly wig and a black trench coat. he demanded money from the tellers and got away on foot with an undisclosed amount of cash. ### 16/9/2017 05:50:09 non-fatal shooting in homewood south under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 12:56 p.m. on sunday, september 17, a shotspotter notification alerted zone 5 officers that five gunshots had been fired in the 800 block of brushton avenue in homewood south. officers arrived to find that a home had been struck by a bullet. no one was injured inside of the residence. casings were found on the sidewalk. then at approximately 1:18 p.m., the 15-year-old male victim notified 9-1-1 that he had walked to a residence on cain way in the east hills. paramedics transported him to children’s hospital of pittsburgh of upmc in stable condition with a gunshot wound to the buttocks and a leg. the investigation is ongoing. ### 17/9/2017 14:36:49 fatal shooting in homewood south under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 12:45 a.m. on september 17, 2017, there was a shotspotter activation for nine rounds fired in the 7500 block of hamilton avenue in homewood south. firefighters located an unresponsive male victim lying in the street and began rendering aid. he had multiple gunshot wounds. paramedics transported him to upmc presbyterian where he was pronounced deceased at approximately 1:13 a.m. the vicitm was a 21-year-old male from wilkinsburg. the violent crime unit is continuing the investigation. anyone with information is encouraged to call 412-323-7800. ### 17/9/2017 08:38:55 fatal shooting on brighton road under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the violent crime unit is investigating after a male believed to be in his 20s arrived at agh by private means at approximately 8:20 p.m. the hospital pronounced the male deceased. 9-1-1 received reports of gun fire in the 3200 block of brighton road. it is believed that the shooting occurred there. the investigation continues. ### 18/9/2017 21:37:50 multiple reviews underway of forcible arrests in uptown for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – there are multiple ongoing reviews of the use of force involved in the arrests of two males on tuesday, september 19. at approximately 10:45 p.m., officers spotted warrant suspect david jones, 34, near the intersection of lemieux place and centre avenue in uptown. jones was wanted on a warrant out of cranberry township on forgery charges and had previously fled from a pittsburgh police officer who was attempting to serve that warrant. as officers were taking jones into custody, a man later identified as daniel t. adelman, 47, of ravenna, ohio, attempted to interfere with the arrest. he was forcibly taken into custody and is in the allegheny county jail on charges of obstructing the administration of law, resisting arrests, and public drunkeness. "we have a zero tolerance for excessive force among pittsburgh bureau of police officers. our management of use of force includes an automatic review of every incident in which force is used when making an arrest," says chief scott schubert. "in addition, we have initiated a review that is being conducted by our office of professional standards so that we can ensure that the use of force was objectively reasonable considering the situation confronted by the officers." "officer andrew jacobs has been placed on desk duty pending the outcome of the reviews," says mayor william peduto. "our police officers are trained to de-escalate situations. this is part of the protocol of the pittsburgh bureau of police. we have zero tolerance for deviation to that standard." the office of municipal investigations, which investigates complaints of misconduct against any city government employee, is also reviewing the incident. the independent citizen police review board is also expected to conduct an investigation. "at the end of our process, we intend to publicly share the results," says chief schubert. ### 20/9/2017 17:55:00 bank robbery on the south side under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the violent crime unit is investigating a bank robbery at the citizens bank at 2801 e. carson street on the south side. according to the investigation, at approximately 3:43 p.m. on september 20, a black male entered the bank wearing a tan trench coat, tan straw hat and a stripped dress. he was holding a blue and white bag over his face and proceeded to point his hand in a shape of a gun and demanded money from the teller. he fled on foot with an undisclosed amount of cash up s. 28th street toward carey way. ### 21/9/2017 06:31:35 bloomfield business robbery under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the violent crime unit is investigating a robbery at the marathon gas station at 4010 penn avenue in bloomfield. according to the investigation, a black male entered the store at approximately 10:04 p.m. he was approximately 6'0" with long dreads and was wearing a gray and white stripped hooded shirt, black pants, and a black and yellow pittsburgh pirates baseball hat. he was carrying a lime green incredible hulk bookbag. the male demanded money from the clerk and made off with an undetermined amount of cash. he fled on foot on 40th street toward liberty avenue. ### 21/9/2017 06:33:22 non-fatal shooting under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the group violence intervention unit is investigating the non-fatal shooting of two females who arrived at agh by private means. according to the investigation, at approximately 10:43 p.m. on wednesday, september 20, officers were notified that a female arrived at the hospital with a grazing wound to her arm. minutes later a second female arrived also with a grazing wound to her arm. both females' injuries were minor. it is believed that the incident resulted from a fight earlier in the day in the 1300 block of wood run. the investigation is ongoing. there are no additional details available at this point. ### 21/9/2017 06:36:19 man arrested after returning to scene of swat call out for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 10:30 p.m. on thursday, september 21, zone 2 officers were dispatched to the 2000 block of tustin street in uptown resulting from multiple 9-1-1 calls reporting a gunshot. upon arrival, officers determined that there had been a domestic at a residence during which a 22-year-old male fired a gun a 30-year-old female acquaintance and three children ages 13, 11, and 10, as they were leaving the residence. there was no injury to the female or the children. swat was called to check the residence out of concern that he may have gone back inside. the male, identified at taquan gurley, was not located. at approximately 2:26 a.m. on friday, september 22, officers returned to the residence. gurley was inside and was arguing with the victim. he was taken into custody and arrested. his charges included four counts of recklessly endangering another person, four counts of aggravated assault, being a person not to possess a fire arm, firearms not to be carried without a license, discharging a firearm, and strangulation. the included mug shot is from a 2014 arrest. ### 22/9/2017 09:35:25 spring hill home invasion under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa –  at approximately 11:55 p.m., zone 1 officers were dispatched to the 1100 block of buente street in spring hill for a report  of a home invasion with shots fired. upon arrival, officers determined that no one had been injured. according to the investigation, the armed actor broke in through the front door. he was described as being a tall black male wearing all dark clothing. he was with a second black male. there is no description available of the second male. they fled the residence with a small amount of cash. the investigation continues. ### 22/9/2017 09:49:13 update: robbery believed to be motive in non-fatal shooting for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 1:30 p.m. on friday, september 22, zone 5 officers were dispatched to the area of susquehanna street and n. homewood avenue in homewood for a report that a male had been shot. upon arrival, the 16-year-old victim was found in a coffee shop where he fled to gain assistance. paramedics transported him to a local hospital where he was reported to be in stable condition with a gunshot injury to the jaw. according to the investigation, the shooting occurred inside of a residence in the 500 block of susquehanna street where two juveniles were visiting an adult male tattoo artist. the adult male, identified as 35-year-old rafiel collins of west palm beach, florida, at some point fired several gunshots at the juveniles as they fled the residence. collins is charged with aggravated assault, violation of the uniform firearms act, and receiving stolen property. no mug shot is available. ### 22/9/2017 17:15:39 shooting on birmingham bridge under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the group violence intervention unit is investigating after a male arrived at a local hospital by private means at approximately 6:51 p.m. on saturday, september 23 with a gunshot wound to the buttocks. according to the investigation, a black cadillac sedan was driving across the birmingham bridge from the south side toward the hill district when an unknown vehicle pulled along the right side of it and fired multiple rounds into the cadillac. the victim was last reported to be in stable condition. the investigation is ongoing. additional details will be released when possible. anyone with information about this incident is encouraged to call the group violence intervention unit at 412-323-7800. ### 23/9/2017 21:20:36 update: mt. washington shooting under investigation update 9/27/2017: the investigation has determined that patrick morgan, jr. was the shooter in the incident outlined below. morgan, 24, was arrested on two counts of aggravated assault, two counts of aggravated assault, and two counts of recklessly endangering another person. he was placed into custody at approximately 12:41 p.m. yesterday and transported to the allegheny county jail at approximately 3:55 p.m. patrick morgan jr. for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the group violence intervention unit is investigating the non-fatal shooting of two people at the intersection of virginia avenue and bigham street in mt. washington at approximately 2:15 a.m. on sunday, september 24. zone 3 officers arrived at the scene and found two white males with gunshot wounds. one male who is 28 years old was shot in the hand and the other, a 25-year-old, was shot in the foot. paramedics transported both males to upmc mercy where they were last reported to be in stable condition. at this time, there is no actor description. the investigation continues. ### 24/9/2017 07:06:22 east liberty gas station robbery for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 10:23 p.m., zone 5 officers were dispatched to the shell gas station, 5735 baum boulevard, in east liberty. according to the investigation, two black males, one 5'7” and the other 5'4”, entered the store. both had black hand guns. the taller male was wearing a red hooded sweatshirt and blue jeans and the shorter male was wearing a black hooded sweat shirt with black jeans. the males fled to revoux way where they jumped into an unknown make/model vehicle. they made off with an undetermined amount of cash. the violent crime unit is investigating. ### 24/9/2017 07:04:15 arrest made in double shooting that left 1 male deceased for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – after a nearly two-month investigation, the violent crime unit has arrested a male for the july 24, 2017 homicide of 23-year-old raheem d. porter of beltzhoover. the facts of the investigation identified 19-year-old dion jackson from garfield as the individual who shot two males as they drove a white chevy equinox in the east end of the city. 9-1-1 callers reported seeing the vehicle speeding inbound along butler street before making a left onto 44th street. the car stopped in the emergency entrance. it's two occupants had multiple gunshot wounds. porter was pronounce deceased at the hospital. the other male, a 21-year-old, was transported to upmc presbyterian and continues to recover from his injuries. the investigation determined that the shooting occurred in the 1300 block of woodbine street in stanton heights. jackson's charges include criminal homicide, criminal attempt homicide, aggravated assault, persons not to posses a firearm and carrying a firearm without a license. dion jackson ### 27/9/2017 20:01:13 arrest made in sept. 25 south side bank robbery for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the violent crime unit has arrested thomas orin hetrick, 50, of mt. oliver, on charges of robbery, aggravated assault, and criminal conspiracy related to an incident on september 25, 2017 at first commonwealth bank, 2501 e. carson street. according to the investigation, at approximately 1:55 p.m. that day, hetrick entered the bank holding a knife. as soon as he made eye contact with the security guard, he fled running north on s. 25th street toward sydney street. the guard caught up with hetrick and a brief fight ensued in which the guard was cut on his left hand. paramedics transported the guard to upmc mercy where his injury was treated. hetrick got into a gray 4-door suv and got away. thomas orin hetrick ### 27/9/2017 17:57:01 south side cogos robbery under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – zone 3 officers were dispatched to the cogos, 2401 east carson street, at approximately 12:46 a.m. dispatched informed them that the male who robbed the store at knife point left on foot toward 23rd & east carson. according to the investigation, the male entered the store wearing a darth vader mask. he was holding the knife and demanded cash from the register. as he walked around the counter he tripped on the step and fell into the fan on the floor. he made off when an undisclosed amount of cash. the actor is believed to be a black male. he was wearing a black mask, black hoodie, khaki pants, and black shoes. he is approximately 5'5" and weighs approximately 110 pounds. ### 4/10/2017 13:32:00 potential for traffic congestion during demonstrations for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – public safety director wendell hissrich would like to caution commuters and pedestrians about possible congestion during planned protests thursday and friday at various educational institutions. "while we do not intend to close any roads for the westboro baptist church demonstration, it is possible that we may need to briefly close streets in order to ensure the safety of the church members," says public safety director wendell hissrich. "it might be best for those who do not have to be in the area to avoid the locations of the demonstrations." planned demonstrations for thursday, october 5 will take place at: forbes & morewood ave. from 12:30 to 2:30 p.m. fifth ave. & n. craig st. from 1:30 to 3 p.m. forbes ave. & schenley dr. from 1:30 to 4 p.m. forbes ave. & magee st. from 2:30 to 4:30 p.m. the group has one location in the city of pittsburgh on friday, october 6: commonwealth place & liberty ave. from 9 to 11 a.m. "we have a plan to ensure the safety of both people and property during this protest that includes uniformed and plainclothes police officers," says director hissrich. ### 4/10/2017 17:09:04 update: warrant issued for male wanted for 2 bank robberies update: the wilkinsburg police took glenn dean ford into custody at approximately 1 a.m. on friday, oct. 6 after spotting him walking along penn avenue. for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the violent crime unit has an active warrant for the arrest of glenn dean ford for two bank robberies. the 58-year-old's last known address is in wilkinsburg, and he is known to frequent downtown and the southside. he is approximately 5'9" and weighs approximately 160 pounds. ford is believed to have robbed the huntington bank at 650 smithfield street in downtown on september 15, 20017 and the citizens bank at 2801 east carson street on the south side on september, 20, 2017. anyone with information about his whereabouts should call 9-1-1. glenn dean ford 5/10/2017 11:01:41 it's dogg'n it robbery suspect sought for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – an investigation is underway of a september 29, 2017 robbery at the it's dogg'n it store at 5857 ellsworth avenue in shadyside. according to the investigation, a black male actor wearing a black t-shirt, blue jeans, and a black baseball hat snatched money from an open cash register drawer. the actor fled the store on foot and ran west along ellsworth avenue toward maryland avenue. here are some images from surveillance that was taken during the incident. if you can identify the actor, call zone 4 at 412-422-6520 or vcu at 412-323-7800. ### 5/10/2017 13:06:07 image of male robbery suspect released for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the violent crime unit is investigating an armed robbery on september 30, 2017 at the cogos on brownsville road in carrick. according to the investigation, a black male entered the story at approximately 4:30 p.m. he was wearing dark blue jeans and a black hooded sweatshirt. the hood was up and his face was partially covered with a black ski mask. had displayed a black gun and demanded money from the cash registers. the actor casually walked out of the store toward clause avenue. if anyone can identify the male in this picture, they should call vcu at 412-323-7800. ### 5/10/2017 11:28:38 non-fatal shooting in east hills under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – shortly before 5 p.m., there was 9-1-1 call reporting shots fired in the 2200 block of park hill drive in east hills. moments later, the call was updated that a male in his 20s had been shot in the shoulder. the victim was outside at the time of the shooting. he was conscious and alert when paramedics transported him to a local hospital where he was last reported to be in stable condition. there is no information available at this time about a shooter. the investigation is ongoing. ### 5/10/2017 18:59:01 male shot in shoulder in east liberty for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 3 a.m. on thursday, october 5, zone 5 to 6200 block of st. marie street in east liberty for a report that a male had been shot. upon arrival, officers located the 18-year-old victim, who had been shot once in the left shoulder. according to the investigation, the victim answered the door to his residence and was shot. a description of the shooter is not available. the victim was transported to a local hospital where he was last reported to be in stable condition. the group violence intervention unit will continue the investigation. ### 5/10/2017 07:00:02 food delivery driver shot in arlington for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 12:40 a.m. sunday, october 8, zone 3 officers were dispatched to the 1700 block of e. carson street for a report that a food delivery driver had been shot. upon arrival, the 48-year-old male victim was found to have been shot once in the abdomen. paramedics transported him to upmc mercy where he was last reported to be in stable condition. according to the investigation, the victim was delivering food to the 2400 block of  elsie street in arlington when he was approached by two black males, one of which had a gun. they took the pizza and shot him. one male is described as six feet tall and was wearing black pants and a white jacket. his hair is a short afro. the other actor was described as 5'5". he was wearing a striped shirt and black pants. he was carrying a revolver. the investigation continues. ### 8/10/2017 12:30:56 non-fatal shooting in the middle hill under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 9 p.m., zone 2 officers were dispatched to the 2500 block of webster avenue in the middle hill district for a report that a male had been shot. upon arrival, the 26-year-old male was located at the intersection of webster and duff street. he was laying in the street and had been shot multiple times. paramedics transported him to upmc presbyterian where he was being treated for his injuries. at this point in the investigation there are no further details available. ### 8/10/2017 22:15:21 update: oakland homicide under investigation update 7:03 p.m. october 10, 2017: after consulting with the allegheny county district attorney's office, the pittsburgh bureau of police has obtained a warrant for the arrest of matthew darby. his charges include homicide, burglary, flight to avoid apprehension, possession of instruments of crime, and theft. the investigation is ongoing as detectives continue to search for evidence and to located darby. update 4:30 p.m. october 9, 2017: the pittsburgh bureau of police is aware of the protection from abuse order that was filed by the victim against her former boyfriend, 21-year-old matthew darby. it was filed as a result of his breaking into her cable place apartment on september 20, 2017. he was arrested on september 26 on those charges. at this point in the investigation, he has not been charged in the homicide. detectives are asking for the public's assistance with locating mr. darby.  please call the violent crime unit at 412-323-7800. for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at 8:56 a.m. sunday, october 8, paramedics and zone 4 officers were dispatched to a residence in the 3500 block of cable place in oakland for a report that a female was found unresponsive. upon arrival, officers discovered the 20-year-old female on the second floor of the residence. paramedics pronounced her deceased at the scene from blunt force trauma. "we do not believe at this time that this was a random act of violence. there is no continued threat to oakland residents and the university communities. however, releasing additional details at this time could be detrimental to the investigation. as with each homicide investigation, our primary interest is collecting sufficient evidence that can be successfully used in a court of law. i encourage anyone with information that could be helpful to call police headquarters and speak to a violent crime unit detective," says pbp chief scott schubert. the violent crime unit can be reached by calling 412-323-7800. ### 8/10/2017 12:32:55 armed robbery at speedway under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - shortly after 4 a.m. on monday, oct. 9, a white male entered the speedway at 4420 browns hill road. he approached a female employee and pointed a gun at her. he demanded cash from the register. he is described as being approximately 5’6” and 150 pounds. he was wearing blues jeans and a blue, hooded windbreaker. a blue mask covered half of his face and he wore sunglasses. he made off on foot toward beechview boulevard with an undisclosed amount of cash. ### 9/10/2017 07:43:34 male arrested after incident in parking lot of zone 2 station for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 2 a.m., zone 2 officers attempted to stop a vehicle occupied by two white males for driving at a high rate of speed on deveillers street toward the parking lot behind the police station. after stopping initially, the driver turned the vehicle and narrowly missed an officer. he struck the personal car of an officer that was parked an unoccupied and then struck a marked police vehicle before hitting a utility pole. at that point, the driver fled from the scene but the passenger, who was not injured, cooperated and remained in the car. after a brief foot chase, the actor was apprehended and taken into custody without incident. he was identified as justin strom transported to upmc mercy due to illness from narcotics that he ingested prior to the police encounter. a knife, suspected heroin, cash and a blackjack were also recovered from the vehicle. a mug shot is not available. ### 10/10/2017 10:48:08 theft from vehicles arrest made in morningside for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 3:30 a.m. on thursday, zone 5 officers were dispatched to the 1800 block of morningside avenue for a report that a tall black male who was wearing dark clothing was breaking into vehicles. upon arrival, officers encountered a male matching that description. in his pants and jacket pockets were found items that were determined to have been removed from multiple cars in the area including an undisclosed amount of coins, a flashlights, two wallets, 10 female bracelets, a full wrench set, a cellphone , and drug paraphernalia. he was identified as joseph alexander smith, 59, of swissvale. ### 12/10/2017 11:25:28 non-fatal shooting in sheraden under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 5:45 a.m. on thursday, october 12, zone 6 officers were responding to the 800 block of dubois street in sheraden when they were flagged down by a female who had just crashed her vehicle in the corliss tunnel. she had been driving her 28-year-old boyfriend to the hospital. he had been shot in the upper abdomen and the lower leg. paramedics completed transporting him to upmc mercy where he was last reported to be in stable condition. according to the initial findings of the investigation, it is believed that the victim had left a residence on dubois and was shot before he reached his vehicle. the investigation is ongoing. ### 12/10/2017 10:19:16 investigation underway after 14-year-old shot in brighton heights for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 3:15 p.m. on sunday, october 15, 2017, zone 1 officers responded to the 3400 block of mcclure avenue in brighton heights for a report that a juvenile male had been shot. upon arrival, the 14-year-old victim was located inside of a residence with a gunshot wound to the hip. paramedics transported him to agh. his condition is not currently known. there is no description available of a shooter but, at this stage of the investigation, it is believed a single round was fired through the door. the group violence intervention unit is continuing the investigation. ### 15/10/2017 15:59:46 business robbery in sheraden for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 11:45 a.m. on october 16, 2017, zone 6 officers and detectives with the violent crime unit responded to the sheraden mini-mart, 649 hillsboro street, for a report that it had been robbed at gunpoint. according to the investigation, a male and female entered the store. the male pointed a large revolver at the clerk and demanded cash. the male and female left the store and turned right on hillsboro. the male is described as a black male, possibly in his 30s of medium height. he wore a black jacket, red pants, and pink and white tennis shoes. the female is described as heavyset. she was wearing a stripped hooded jacket. no images of the actors are currently available. the investigation continues. ### 16/10/2017 18:44:17 no injuries in 3-alarm allentown fire for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 3:45 p.m. on october 16, 2017, firefighters responded to a fire at a residential structure in the 200 block of millbridge street near the intersection with climax street. the fire went to a third alarm. there were no injuries reported. the salvation army responded to the scene to assist firefighters and other public safety personnel. the red cross was called to assist the family who lived in the residence where the fire started with relocation services. the cause of the fire is under investigation. ### 16/10/2017 18:31:35 mt. washington business damaged by explosive device for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on october 16, 2017 at approximately 10:38 p.m., 9-1-1 received a burglar alarm call at boehmer heating & cooling, 300 hargrove st., in mt. washington. approximately eight minutes later, the fire alarm sounded. fire engine 28 responded and determined there was not a fire at the business. attempts to notify a representative from the business failed. at approximately 11:25 p.m., the fire alarm went off again. this time there was no fire but a lot of smoke and damage to the ceiling above the entrance door. there was also damage to the door. it was determined that there had been an explosion and arson investigators and the bomb squad were called to the scene. the initial stage of the investigation had determined that someone placed a device through the mail slot that exploded. there was no one in the building so there were no injuries. the investigation continues. ### 17/10/2017 08:36:13 update: assault on school teacher under investigation update 6:15 p.m. october 23: an arrest warrant has been issued for vincent beasley, 26, of the north side. he has been identified as the male involved with this incident. his charges include aggravated assault, stalking, and conspiracy. update 9:45 a.m. october 19, 2017: daishonta marie williams, 29, of the north side has been arrested for the incident outlined below. her charges include aggravated assault, stalking, terroristic threats, and recklessly endangering another person. a mugshot is not currently available. investigators are working to identify and locate the male who accompanied williams. for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 3:15 p.m., zone 1 officers responded to an incident near the intersection of route 65 and the west end bridge for a report of an assault. according to the investigation, the 46-year-old female victim was leaving pittsburgh king prek-8 school and was followed by a male and female in a black suv. at some point near the intersection, the male and female approached the victim's vehicle. the victim rolled down the window and the female threw a brick at her., knocking out a tooth. the male and female then pulled the victim out of the car and continued assaulting her. paramedics transported the victim to agh in stable condition. at this point in the investigation, it is believed that this incident is related to an earlier dispute with a parent at the school. victim is a school teacher. the investigation is ongoing. ### 18/10/2017 17:15:17 male shot in parking lot in homewood north for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - at approximately 5:42 p.m. on wednesday, october 18, zone 5 officers responded to the 8000 block of frankstown avenue for a report that a male had been shot. officers arrived and located the 29-year-old victim laying in the parking lot of a carwash and restaurant. he had been shot multiple times in the legs and torso. paramedics transported him to upmc presbyterian in critical condition. at last check, he was in critical but stable condition. at this point in the investigation, there is no information available about the shooter. ### 18/10/2017 22:42:02 male arrested on child endangerment charge for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - at approximately 2:27 a.m. on october 20, 2017, zone 5 officer’s were on a foot patrol in the 6500 block of hamilton avenue when they observed a black land rover parked in the parking lot beside serenity night club. an hour later, the vehicle had not been moved. in the rear compartment, the officers observed a young female child laying on a white towel who appeared to be asleep. directly next to the child's head was a red gas can. it was approximately 55 degrees at this time and the vehicle was not running. officers called for a child seat to be brought to the scene and also requested paramedics to evaluate the child. a man, later identified as dewitt harrell, jr., of gahanna, ohio, exited a nearby club. he turned and walked back inside of the club when he saw police by his car. the male exited the club again and this time an officer asked the male if the car was his. he replied yes, and was then placed under arrest. officers used the keys to to enter the car. there was gas in the can that was near the 2-year-old child. paramedics transported the child to upmc children's hospital for further evaluation. cyf was notified. harrell’s charges are endangering the welfare of a children and resisting arrest. the arrest also clears a bench warrant out of ohio. there is no mugshot available at this time. ### 20/10/2017 08:02:12 homewood south homicide under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 3:38 a.m. on monday, october 23, zone 5 received a shotspotter notification that two shots were fired in the 700 block of brushton avenue. upon arrival, officers discovered a 20-year-old male from shadyside who had been shot in the head. paramedics transported the victim to upmc presbyterian where he was pronounced deceased at approximately 5:52 a.m. at this point in the investigation, there is no information available regarding a shooter. anyone with information is encouraged to call the violent crime unit at police headquarters at 412-323-7800. ### 23/10/2017 09:18:16 homewood north homicide under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 11:57 p.m. on sunday, october 22, firefighters and paramedics were dispatched to the 7400 block of race street for a report that a man was under a car and was not moving. paramedics pronounced the male deceased at the scene. the 43-year-old victim had suffered a gunshot wound to the chest. at this point in the investigation, there is no information available regarding a shooter. anyone with information is encouraged to call the violent crime unit at police headquarters at 412-323-7800. ### 23/10/2017 09:15:42 south side slopes drug arrests for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on oct. 24, 2017, zone 3 officers arrested two people following complaints of drug trafficking in the south side slopes. during a traffic stop at s. 27th street and jane street, police arrested joseph dudek, 33, of ruffsdale, pa and christina dudek, 34, also of ruffsdale, pa. during this traffic stop a substantial amount of heroin was discovered. officers then obtained a search warrant for a house in the 2300 block of mission street where one of the occupants of the truck resided. inside the house more drugs and cash were found. in all, 9 bricks of heroin,454 stamped bags of heroin, marijuana, drug paraphernalia, and cash were seized. ### 26/10/2017 15:29:43 female missing from west oakland for immediate release pittsburgh,pa – the missing persons unit is actively searching for 36-year-old shauntae rose from west oakland. she was last seen on october 23 and reported missing on october 27. rose is considered endangered because she is reported to have made suicidal statements to a relative. over the weekend, river rescue conducted a search of the monongahela river. they will continue to search the rivers. rose is approximately 5'8" and 150 pounds. anyone who knows her whereabouts are encouraged to call missing persons at 412-323-7141. ### 30/10/2017 16:23:18 swat call in knoxville ends peacefully for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 10 a.m., zone 3 officers attempted to serve an arrest warrant for a male who lives in the 200 block of amanda avenue in knoxville. the male refused to cooperate with officers and swat was called to the scene. at approximately 10:35 a.m., swat had the actor in custody without incident. he is identified as 24-year-old isaiah bailey. he was wanted on a burglary charge and an assault charge that was related to a domestic. a mug shot is not currently available. ### 31/10/2017 11:39:34 update: female shot in knoxville update: for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - on november 1, 2017 at approximately 10:20 p.m., zone 3 officers reponded to the 100 block of rochelle street for a report that a female had been assaulted. on arrival, the officers discovered a 52-year old victim lying on the dining room floor with a serious head wound. a spent bullet casing was discovered in the dining room. investigators have been actively working this case throughout the night and this morning. persons of interest have been identified. detectives are now working to locate and interview these persons. at this time, there are no active arrest warrants and no arrests have been made. with regard to the victim, she remains at upmc mercy in stable condition. ### ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - on november 1, 2017 at approximately 11 p.m., zone 3 officers were dispatched to the 100 block of rochelle street for a report that a female had been assaulted. on arrival, the officers discovered the 52-year-old victim lying on the dining room floor with a serious head wound. after paramedics transported her to upmc mercy in critical condition, officers discovered a spent bullet casing on the dining room floor. there are no further details available. the investigation is on going. ### 2/11/2017 02:53:05 arrest made in 2016 homicide in allegheny dwellings for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - the violent crime unit has arrested ernest edward hardman, 26, of east liberty for the july 3, 2016 shooting death of 56-year-old reginald shelton. on that day, shelton drove himself to agh at approximately 4:14 a.m. and subsequently died at the hospital. the investigation revealed the shooting occurred in the 1600 block of sandusky court in what was allegheny dwellings. hardman is charged with criminal homicide. ernest edward hardman ### 2/11/2017 22:30:06 male dropped of at hospital with multiple gunshot wounds for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - on november 2, 2017 at approximately 11:59 p.m., zone 4 officers were dispatched to shadyside hospital for a male who had multiple gunshot wounds.  shortly after, the units were notified that the 51-year-old victim was in critical condition with multiple gunshot wounds and was being transferred to upmc presbyterian by paramedics. shadyside hospital security reported the victim was dropped off by a black male driving a black ford escape. at this time there is no evidence pointing to where the shooting occurred. ### 3/11/2017 04:22:45 male arrested after fleeing police, tossing gun from vehicle for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – officers were patrolling in troy hill in an unmarked police vehicle when, at approximately 2:37 p.m., they observed a red nissan altima turn right from providence street onto troy hill road without using a turn signal. near the intersection of chestnut and east ohio streets, the officers activated their lights and sirens in an attempt to make a traffic stop. the driver stopped but took off onto east ohio once the officers exited the vehicle. the driver made a left turn on a red light onto the ramp to i-279. officers observed the driver throw a gun out of the driver's window. shortly after that, the car came to a stop. the male driver, identified as preston mcclain, jr., was in the vehicle along with one adult female and one juvenile female. mcclain was arrested on charges that include firearms not to be carried without a license and driving while operating privilege is suspended or revoked. a mugshot is not currently available. ### 6/11/2017 16:53:30 male missing from squirrel hill for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the missing persons unit is looking for this missing male. john mccaffrey, 51, is a squirrel hill resident. he is approximately 6 feet tall, 180 pounds, with blue eyes and glasses. he drives at silver 2004 mercedes-benz coupe. he last spoke with someone via phone on saturday. if you know where he is, please call the missing persons unit at 412-323-7141. ### 6/11/2017 23:48:23 juvenile female missing from morningside for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the missing person unit is looking for 11-year old chienne mccray who is from morningside. she was expected to return home from an afterschool program around 4:30 p.m. but never arrived. she is approximately 4”9’ and weighs approximately 80 pounds. her hair is in long braids. she was possibly wearing a black hooded sweatshirt and black hi-top athletic shoes with a rainbow design. anyone who knows her whereabouts should call missing persons at 412-323-7141. ### 6/11/2017 23:43:28 update: male fattaly stabbed in south side apartment update: the investigation has determined that the victim got into an argument with his girlfriend inside of an apartment where he was stabbed. he made his way to the lobby and collapsed. with the assistance of mckeesport police, cassandra locke, 47, has been arrested. a mugshot is not currently available. for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 10:50 p.m. on tuesday, november 7, officers responded to an apartment building in the 700 block of s. 21st street on the south side for a report that a male had been stabbed in the chest. upon arrival, the victim was found to be laying on the floor of the lobby. paramedics transported the 49-year-old mckeesport resident to upmc mercy, where he was pronounced deceased at 11:41 p.m. the investigation determined that the stabbing occurred in a 3rd floor apartment. the violent crime unit will consult with the district attorney’s office to determine the next steps in the investigation. ### 8/11/2017 06:44:37 vehicle struck by gunfire in south side slopes for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – zone 3 police are investigating after shots were fired near the 200 block of monastery avenue at approximately 11:41p.m. on tuesday, november 7. according to the investigation, a 21-year-old male south side resident was driving near the intersection of s. 18th street and st. patrick street when his vehicle was struck multiple times by gun fire from a white truck. the actor vehicle fled down s. 18th. the driver received a cut on his arm from broken glass but was not shot. the incident remains under investigation. ### 8/11/2017 06:45:55 update: male missing from squirrel hill update:  for immediate release missing person john mccaffrey, 51, of squirrel hill has been located in philadelphia.  he is safe and unharmed. ### ------------------------------------------------------ for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the missing persons unit is looking for this missing male. john mccaffrey, 51, is a squirrel hill resident. he is approximately 6 feet tall, 180 pounds, with blue eyes and glasses. he drives at silver 2004 mercedes-benz coupe. he last spoke with someone via phone on saturday. if you know where he is, please call the missing persons unit at 412-323-7141. ### 9/11/2017 08:21:15 correction: burglary suspect arrested for immediate release: pittsburgh, pa -- on november 9, 2017 the burglary squad arrested calvin henderson, 24, of mt. oliver, on charges of burglary, theft and receiving stolen property stemming from an armed burglary on october 23 of this year on meyran avenue in oakland. detectives were able to identify mr. henderson from video surveillance footage in which he was observed stealing electronics. calvin henderson ### 9/11/2017 16:55:48 male walks into hospital with gunshot wound for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 9:35 p.m. on monday, november 13, 2017, zone 5 officers were notified that a male walked into upmc st. margaret with a gunshot wound in a calf. the victim was transported to upmc presbyterian and was last reported to be in stable condition. there is no further information available at this point in this ongoing investigation. ### 13/11/2017 22:25:52 male dropped of at local hospital with gunshot wound for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 6:15 p.m. on monday, november 13, 2017, a male was dropped off at ohio valley hospital with a gunshot wound. at this point it is believed the shooting may have occurred in the 3100 block of landis avenue in sheraden. there was a report of shots fired in that area. the victim, a 58-year-old male from sheraden, was last reported to be in stable condition. the investigation is ongoing. ### 13/11/2017 20:50:57 child grazed by bullet in garfield for immediate release pittsburgh, pa- at approximately 6:50 p.m. on monday, november 13, 2017, zone 5 officers were dispatched to a residence in the 5100 block of columbo street in garfield for a report of shots fired. upon arrival, it was discovered that a three-year-old male had been grazed by a bullet while he was in the dining room of his home. the child’s injury was minor and his mother declined the services of the paramedics. according to the investigation, a yet-to-be identified male fired a gun inside of a neighboring residence. the investigation continues. ### 13/11/2017 21:05:18 can you identify these actors for immediate release: pittsburgh, pa - on october 5, 2017,  at approximately 2 a.m., zone 3 police officers were dispatched to a residence in the 1300 block of sarah street for a burglary in progress. the male victim reported that a male and a female were walking down the street knocking over garbage cans and banging on house windows. the victim apparently yelled at the couple to stop. that is when an altercation occurred between the victim and the male actor. the victim used a collapsible baton to defend himself but the actor grabbed the baton and attempted to strike the victim.the victim suffered a minor hand injury. when the actors left the victim's residence, they proceeded to smash in windows of four vehicles along s.15th street with the baton. later, there was a report of a house burglary along s.14th street. the first actor is described as a male, 5'9", wearing a black hoodie with white letters, blue jeans ripped in the front, and blue shoes. the second actor is described as a female 5'5", 170 pounds. an investigation continues into the incident. if you can help identify the actors, please call zone 3 (412) 488-8326. ### 14/11/2017 17:19:12 business robbery in east liberty for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 5:25 p.m. on november 15, 2017, a male actor walked into the cvs pharmacy at 6100 penn avenue in east liberty, approached a clerk, pointed a small black revolver at the clerk, and demanded money. the clerk gave the actor an undisclosed amount of money. the actor then fled from the store on foot along penn avenue toward the target. he is described as being a black male, approximately 5'10", with a medium build. he was wearing a white and gray camo coat with a gray hoodie underneath, and dark pants. anyone with information that could helps solve this crime, should call pittsburgh police headquarters at 412-323-7800. ### 15/11/2017 21:26:12 fraudulent credit card arrests for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 4:25 p.m. on tuesday, november 14, 2017, zone 2 officers were dispatched to the omni william penn hotel in downtown pittsburgh for a report of patrons using fraudulent credit cards. upon arrival, it was discovered that the patrons in question may possibly be using false identities. after further investigation, a search warrant was obtained for the rooms booked by three actors. inside the hotel rooms, officers discovered fraudulent credit cards, equipment used to steal or create credit cards, laptops, and a small amount of marijuana. according to hotel officials, the actors attempted to charge more than $5,000 on the fraudulent credit cards. three florida residents have been arrested as a result of the investigation: markean terrell reese, 26; david christopher whatley, 20; and keishana ronnedra brown, 26. charges facing the suspects include: theft of services, criminal conspiracy, and access device fraud. mugshots are not currently available. ### 15/11/2017 10:54:52 homicide warrant for emere mason for immediate media release pittsburgh, pa – on wednesday, november 15, 2017, the violent crime unit obtained an arrest warrant for emere mason in connection with the december 20, 2016 murder of rashawn gibson. the homicide occurred in the 2700 block of glen mawr street. mason, 18, is described as a black male, 5 foot 8 inches tall, 150 pounds. mason also has a tattoo adorning his lower neck. anyone with knowledge of mason's whereabouts can contact police at 412-323-7800 16/11/2017 09:46:25 public safety department preparations for light up night for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the public safety department is planning for the official kick off of the holiday season this friday, november 17, 2017 for the annual light up night celebration. plans are in place to ensure the safety of the public and property for the holiday-inspired events. paramedics/emts will be on hand to care for anyone who experiences a health-related issued. the weather forecast is calling for warmer than normal temperatures, but people are still encouraged to dress appropriately. police and crossing guards will be concerned with traffic control. police will also focus on crowd management as it relates to crime and disorder. in addition to uniformed officers, there will be plainclothes officers. officers will be observing from high vantage points, and there will be air support from the pa state police air patrol unit. "during this family-friendly activity, numerous public safety resources will be utilized to ensure the security of the holiday revelers and preserve the safety of property," says public safety director wendell hissrich. "as in past years, our law enforcement officers will enforce a zero tolerance policy regarding misbehavior during and after the celebration." if juveniles are cited, in addition to their parents their school will be notified, which could potentially lead to further disciplinary action. the police bureau's group violence intervention outreach team and allegheny county juvenile probation officers will patrol along with police officers. portable light towers will be erected in key locations to provide additional illumination, and surveillance cameras will be both operational and monitored. street closures the following areas will be shut down for the light up night celebration: 7 a.m. –  midnight northbound stanwix st. from liberty ave. to entrance of fort duquesne parking garage fort duquesne blvd. westbound from 7th st. to 6th st. 9 a.m. –  midnight fort duquesne blvd. both directions between 6th st. and 9th st. clemente and carson bridges remain open seventh st. and eighth st. from fort duquesne blvd. to penn avenue – parking lot and garage access will remain open to and from penn only 4 p.m. – midnight forbes ave. from wood st. to stanwix st. –  hotel/residential traffic allowed fourth ave. from stanwix st. to wood st. graeme st. from fifth ave. to market sq. market st. from fifth ave. to market sq. market square 6 p.m. – midnight stanwix st. in both directions, from liberty ave. to the entrance of the fort duquesne parking garage penn ave. from 5th st./cecil pl./clo way to liberty ave. extension bridge and riverwalk clemente bridge and both north shore and fort duquesne riverwalks will be closed for fireworks at approximately 7:30 p.m. the department of public safety would like to mention the following additional agencies for their assistance: pa state police mounted patrol, pa state police pa department of conservation and natural resources, allegheny county police mounted patrol, allegheny county sheriffs, allegheny county police, port authority of allegheny county, pittsburgh public works department, and mcgann & chester towing. media will be permitted to park in empty metered spaces on seventh street between penn avenue and ft. duquesne boulevard and behind the stages located at 6th & ft. duquesne, 9th & ft. duquesne and stanwix street. ### 16/11/2017 06:55:01 downtown media advisory pittsburgh, pa – the grand opening/ribbon cutting of the pittsburgh bureau of police cultural district substation, 600 liberty avenue, will be held monday at 11 a.m. made possible by a partnership that includes nonprofits and businesses, the substation will provide downtown residents, workers, and visitors increased access to police. the location will also enable officers to respond faster to incidents, especially when traffic is heavy. mayor william peduto will join public safety director william peduto, police chief scott schubert, pittsburgh downtown partnership ceo jeremy waldrup, and pittsburgh cultural trust president and ceo kevin mcmahon in the ribbon cutting ceremony. "we are thankful for the support received from our public and private partners to make this substation a reality," says director hissrich. "the location will enable us to provide increased public safety support to downtown during major public events. we invite the community to come to the grand opening and meet some of the police officers who will be there to serve them." “having a space in downtown will provide our public safety partners with the ability to better support the amazing large scale events taking place in the city such as light-up night, highmark first night pittsburgh, and the dollar bank three rivers arts festival. however, most importantly it allows the police officers to be closer to those they serve in the community and grow new relationships,” comments kevin c. wilkes, chief security officer at the pittsburgh cultural trust. “enhanced protection for our community, increased support for our downtown events, and the creation of new vibrant healthy relationships with our local officers is a perfect example of the success public-private partnerships can have when working together.” additionally, bureau of police has partnered with the trust arts education department and urban pathways charter school to develop a display of student artwork that will preserve the spirit of the lantern building as a gallery. the trust is excited to partner with emily mcmahon, a teaching artist for the pittsburgh cultural trust and pnc grow up great buzzword program, to curate a display of her students’ work. urban pathways consistently plays an active role in the cultural trust’s quarterly gallery crawl, and the substation exhibition will be a more permanent celebration of their presence and influence in the cultural district. the artwork will promote the space as a communal, welcoming environment, as well as provide a continuation of the pittsburgh cultural trust’s creative placemaking and revitalization efforts throughout the cultural district and downtown pittsburgh. ### 17/11/2017 17:45:48 male in stable condition after shooting in east hills for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – shortly before 1:15 p.m. on sunday, november 19, zone 2 officers were dispatched to upmc mercy for a report that a male with a gunshot injury to the leg was driven there in a private vehicle. he was last reported to be in stable condition. the investigation determined the scene of the shooting to have been in the 2200 block of wilner drive in east hills. shortly before 1 p.m., zone 5 officers were dispatch to the area for a report of a suspicious male. they located the male, later identified as tyreek marsh, 20, of perry south, and recovered a pistol from his backpack. according to the investigation, marsh shot the 21-year-old victim. marsh was taken into custody without incident and was charged with aggravated assault and carrying a firearm without a license. there is no mugshot available at this time. ### 19/11/2017 15:01:26 holy innocents school burglarized for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – zone 6 detectives are investigating a burglary at holy innocents school in sheraden. the assistance of the public is being requested in identifying a male shown in the attached photos. on november 20, 2017 at 3 p.m., officers were called to the school to investigate a possible squatting situation and the theft of copper and metal from the building. according to the investigation, the actor may have entered the building through several broken windows and doors on the property. the actor is described as a male, 30 to 40 years old, 6'2" and approximately 250 pounds. he has black hair with a bald or shaved head. the actor was wearing a black hooded sweatshirt, black jeans, and had black headphones. if anyone recognizes this man, please call zone 6 at 412-937-3051. ### 21/11/2017 13:56:50 highland park home burglary for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on november 22, 2017 at approximately 1 a.m., zone 5 officers were dispatched to the 800 block of sheridan avenue in highland park for a report of a burglary in progress. a female victim reported she was sleeping when she heard a noise from the rear door. she got out of bed and saw two armed men entering her kitchen. at that point she ran into the room of her 9-year-old son. one of the armed suspects entered the room and ordered the mother and son to the floor as they searched the house. the actors fled the scene with an undisclosed amount of cash. both actors are described as black males approximately 20-25 years of age. they were wearing black hooded sweatshirts and had thin builds. both actors were between 5'8" tall and 5'10 inches tall. the incident remains under investigation and if anyone has further information, please call 911. ### 22/11/2017 15:56:10 2 flee from fatal crash in east hills for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on friday, november 24 at 5:29 a.m., zone 5 officers responded to the scene of a two-vehicle head on collision in the 8300 block of frankstown avenue in east hills. the accident was reported by a passerby and onstar. upon arrival, officers located a white chevy silverado truck and a black kia sportage suv. the male driver of the silverado fled from the scene. the investigation has determined that there may have been a female passenger. the female driver of the kia was ejected from the vehicle and pronounced deceased at the scene. accident investigation is continuing the investigation. ### 24/11/2017 09:36:06 non-fatal shooting on the south side under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on friday, november 24 at approximately 2:09 a.m., zone 3 officers were dispatched to 18th and carson streets for a report of shots fired. while responding to the same scene, medic 14 had someone flag them down saying they were shot. paramedics transported the victim to upmc mercy. the investigation determined that the shooting occurred in the 1700 block of e. carson street. the victim had been seated inside of a vehicle when multiple gun shots were heard. the victim was struck once in the buttocks and attempted to drive himself to a hospital. he was last list in critical but stable condition. the matter remains under investigation. ### 24/11/2017 09:32:37 2 children shot in addison village for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 12:15 a.m. on saturday, november 25, 2017, zone 2 officers were dispatched to the 100 block of addison street for reports of shots fired. at the scene, officers discovered that two female children had been shot while inside their home. a three-year-old child was shot in the arm, and a 10-year-old child was shot in the leg. an officer placed a tourniquet on the leg of the 10-year-old to stop the bleeding. paramedics transported both children to children’s hospital of pittsburgh of upmc where they were last reported to be in stable condition. according to the investigation, the gunfire came from a black sedan. three black males, all wearing masks, were in the vehicle as it fled in the direction of rose street. the investigation continues. anyone who knows the identity of the actors is encouraged to call the group violence intervention unit at 412-323-7800. ### 25/11/2017 02:05:30 update: 14-year-old boy shot in lincoln-lemington-belmar dies update: the victim in this investigation was pronounced deceased at the hospital at approximately 4:59 p.m. on saturday, november 26. for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 6 a.m., zone 5 officers received a shotspotter notification that shots had been fired in the 1300 block of paulson avenue in lincoln-lemington-belmar. upon arrival, officers discovered a male lying in the middle of the street. he had been shot once in the head. paramedics transported him to upmc presbyterian where he is in critical condition. it is believed that the 14-year-old victim is from brighton heights. anyone who has information about this incident is encouraged to call the group violence intervention unit at 412-323-7800. ### 25/11/2017 08:54:14 allentown shooting under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on monday, november 27, 2017 at approximately 12:15 a.m., zone 3 officers were dispatched to the 200 block of millbridge street in allentown for a report that a male had been shot. upon arrival, the 23-year-old male victim was to have been shot twice in the back. paramedics transported him to upmc mercy. he has since been discharged from the hospital. according to the initial findings of the investigation, the victim may have been intending to purchase drugs when he was shot and robbed. the group violence intervention unit is continuing the investigation. ### 27/11/2017 08:26:01 non-fatal shooting in uptown for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on monday, november 27, 2017 at approximately 9:30 p.m., a shooting occurred in the 1400 block of fifth avenue, uptown. an adult male victim was shot multiple times in the leg and was transported by paramedics to upmc mercy. he was last reported to be in stable condition. according to the investigation, it appears this was a targeted shooting. if anyone has information about this shooting, please call the gang violence intervention unit at (412) 323-7800. ### 27/11/2017 23:22:29 investigation underway of south side subway restaurant robbery for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the violent crime unit is investigating a business robbery on the south side. on november 29, 2017 at approximately 4:10 p.m., a white male entered the subway restaurant at 2771 e. carson street. after requesting a cookie, the actor placed his hand in his pocket as though he had a gun but did not reveal one. he demanded cash from the register. as he fled the restaurant on foot with an undisclosed amount of cash, he turned right on e. carson in the direction of the 2600 block. he is described as having a thin build and wore a black/gray sweatshirt, black pants, and a black baseball cap that appeared to display a monster energy drink symbol. there is no surveillance video available of the actor. anyone with info should call police headquarters at 412-323-7800 and ask for a robbery detective. ### 29/11/2017 19:37:47 can you help identify these package thieves for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – detectives at the zone 3 police station are seeking the help of public in identifying the male and female shown in these images. they are suspects in package theft investigations along jane street on the south side. the thefts occurred on october 27, 2017. the investigation has determined that the duo left the area in a chevrolet trail blazer that was possibly blue. anyone with the information is asked to call zone 3 at 412-488-8326. ### 29/11/2017 19:16:23 cemetery brush fire for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on tuesday, november 28, 2017 at approximately 7:14 p.m., the pittsburgh bureau of fire was dispatched to allegheny cemetery in central lawrenceville for a reported brush fire. the 2-alarm fire was on a steep hillside on the stanton avenue side of the cemetery. the fire burned an estimated four acres of brush. fire crews were able to bring the fire under control and prevent damage to nearby graves. no injuries were reported. the cause of the fire remains under investigation. ### 29/11/2017 10:03:41 resend update: arrest in homewood triple shooting for immediate release update pittsburgh, pa – on thursday, november 30, 2017, pittsburgh police identified three actors in a triple shooting in homewood. the shooting occurred near the intersection of brushton and frankstown avenues at approximately 5 a.m. thursday, november 30, 2017. the incident began with some type of altercation inside betts market in the 800 block of brushton avenue and continued into the street. one actor has been arrested. *dajuan kylyee smith, 31 years old, from manchester was taken into custody yesterday.  smith was shot in the incident and was privately transported to the hospital with a superficial wound. after treatment, he was released to police for questioning and he was arrested. smith faces several charges including criminal attempt criminal homicide, aggravated assault, and firearms violations. * dajuan smith arrest warrants have been issued for two additional actors: tariq devvon long, 27 years old. tariq long faces several charges including, criminal attempt criminal homicide, aggravated assault, and firearms violations. candace dionna long, 31 years old.  candace long faces a tampering of physical evidence charge. tariq long candace long the victims of the shooting remain hospitalized.  if anyone has further information on the shooting or the whereabouts of tariq and candace long, please give police a call at 412-323-7800. ### update 12/30/2017 pittsburgh, pa – officers have recovered several weapons from the area near the intersection of frankstown avenue and brushton avenue. the incident may have initiated inside betts market in 800 block brushton avenue.   at this time, no arrests have been made. the conditions of the three adult males remains the same. ### pittsburgh, pa – on thursday, november 30, 2017 shortly before 5 a.m., zone 5 officers were dispatched to the intersection of frankstown avenue and brushton avenue for reports of shots fired. upon arrival, officers discovered two adult males with gunshot wounds. paramedics transported both men to upmc presbyterian hospital in critical condition. a third male was privately transported to a nearby hospital and later reported  to be in good condition. there are no arrests at this time. police continue to actively investigate the incident. we are urging anyone with information to give police a call at 412-323-7800. #### 30/11/2017 10:09:58 mt. washington bank robbery for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on monday, december 4, 2017, the first national bank on wyoming street in mt. washington was robbed by the unknown actor seen in the picture below. at approximately 2:40 p.m., this adult male entered the bank and showed the teller a note that demanded money. no weapon was produced during the act. the actor then fled on foot with an undisclosed amount of cash. the male is described as thin and approximately 6 feet tall. he had a scruffy beard and was wearing a pink tossle cap, blue hooded sweatshirt, black sweatpants, and white shoes. if you know this man, please call the violent crime unit at 412-323-7800. ### 4/12/2017 17:54:56 1 injured in squirrel hill fire for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 4:20 a.m. on tuesday, december 5, the pittsburgh bureau of fire responded to the murray towers, 2825 murray avenue, in squirrel hill. according to our operating procedures, the fire automatically went to 3 alarms because the structure is a high rise, with eight floors and approximately 80 to 100 occupants. upon arrival, firefighters encountered a male in the stairwell who had minor burns. paramedics transported him to upmc mercy and he was also treated for smoke inhalation. paramedics evaluated a woman for smoke inhalation on the scene but she was not transported. the fire was contained to one apartment on the third floor; however, there is extensive smoke damage on the third floor. all occupants not living on third floor will be allowed to return to their apartments once it has been determined that the building is safe for occupancy. public safety director wendell hissrich says, “thanks to the coordinated efforts of our first responders – police, fire, ems –  and with the help of the port authority, the red cross, and the salvation army, we probably adverted a tragedy. unfortunately, one person was burned. anytime a fire happens during the holidays it is hard.” the port authority of allegheny county provided a bus for residents to stay warm. the red cross will be assisting those who need relocation services. the salvation army assisted the first responders and residents on the scene. the cause of the fire is under investigation. ### 5/12/2017 07:19:46 officer involved shooting under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – an arrest warrant has been filed against paul anthony adams, jr. of pitcairn for two counts of aggravated assault by physical menace in the december 4, 2017 police-involved shooting in point breeze. at approximately 11:52 p.m. that evening, the pittsburgh bureau of police (pbp) was notified of the shooting, which occurred near the intersection of penn and south braddock avenues. upon responding to the scene, the initial investigation determined that a male had been shot by wilkinsburg police officers. he was transported to upmc presbyterian in critical condition. reportedly, wilkinsburg police officers attempted to stop the male, who was driving a grey chrysler minivan traveling at a high rate of speed in the wilkinsburg area. the officers pursued the suspect’s vehicle, for various traffic violations, into the city of pittsburgh. when officers initiated a traffic stop, the male exited the driver’s side of the vehicle, then re-entered the vehicle, this time exiting with a shotgun in his hand. when he pointed the shotgun in the direction of the officer, they were able to take cover before firing at the driver. the driver’s weapon was recovered along with another loaded firearm on the front passenger seat of the vehicle. the driver’s condition is listed as critical but stable.  the pbp in conjunction with the allegheny county district attorney office, are investigating this incident. no additional information will be released by the pbp at this time. further inquiries should be referred to the wilkinsburg police department. ### 5/12/2017 20:29:24 update: belmar double fatal shooting update december 5, 2017 10:30 a.m.: the two male victims were found deceased in the stairwell. at this time, there are no arrests. if anyone has information about this shooting, please call the violent crime unit at 412-323-7800. for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on monday, december 4, 2017 at approximately 11:15 p.m., pittsburgh police responded to a shooting in the 7200 block of everton street in the belmar neighborhood. upon arrival, officers discovered four were people shot. two males were deceased at the scene. a male and a female were transported to the hospital in stable condition. this is an ongoing investigation. if anyone has any information, please contact police at 412-323-7800. ### 5/12/2017 03:04:47 major drug bust and arrests in homewood for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on december 6, 2017 at approximately 9:25 p.m.,  zone 5 police officers along with detectives from the pittsburgh police intelligence unit conducted a major drug bust with several arrests  in the homewood section of the city. in response to the recent surge in violence along brushton avenue and surrounding streets, detectives were conducting surveillance operations when they noticed a suspicious vehicle pulling away from a house in the 7900 block of tacoma street. officers then conducted a traffic stop and found two males and a female inside the vehicle. the female, brandy smith, 26, of butler, pa was observed in the front seat with a loaded revolver, in a holster, hanging around her neck. inside the car, officers recovered sandwich bags stuffed with crack cocaine, approximately 250 stamped bags of heroin, and approximately $1,495.00 in cash. subsequently, officers arrested brandy smith along with the driver of the car, billie henry, 43, of fennellton, pa and passenger timothy bazemore, 26, from the knoxville neighborhood of pittsburgh. following the traffic stop, officers returned to the house in the 7900 block of tacoma street to further investigate. after obtaining a search warrant for the house, officers recovered weapons, crack cocaine, crystal meth, marijuana, ecstacy, xanax, and packaging materials. at the tacoma street house officers arrested todd elston, 32 years old of homewood, anastacia benedict, 30 years old of homewood,  and joshua herald, 29 years old with an unknown address. at this time, we are providing evidence pictures and pictures of three suspects. photos of the other suspects are not available. evidence: suspects: anastacia benedict todd elston timothy bazemore 7/12/2017 11:18:49 search for home invasion suspects for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police are searching for suspects in a violent home invasion in the knoxville section of the city. on tuesday, december 6, 2017 at approximately 6:04 p.m., zone 3 officers responded to a call for an armed home invasion inside an apartment on e. amanda avenue. the investigation revealed that three armed males reportedly forced entry into the residence with firearms, then tied up and assaulted three people inside the home. the suspects reportedly ransacked the house and fled with several items including an undisclosed amount of cash. the victims declined medical treatment. police have identified two of the three suspects as 33-year old frederick shields and 28-year old raymont dillard. both men are known to frequent the knoxville neighborhood and are considered armed and dangerous. if anyone has information on the location of these two men, please give the pittsburgh police violent crime unit a call at (412) 323-7800. frederick shields raymont dillard ## 7/12/2017 20:18:27 investigation into homeless camp fire leads to an arrest for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the pittsburgh bureau of police arson unit has arrested lewis edward mills, 34, for arson related to a fire on november 4, 2017 under the madison street bridge. the investigation determined that mills intentionally set fire to blankets and other debris in front of occupied tents at a homeless camp. zone 1 officers were called to temporarily close the overpass to route 65 while penndot inspected the bridge. lewis edward mills ### 8/12/2017 11:43:39 resend: perry south burglary and drug arrest for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on monday, december 11, 2017 at approximately 2:35 a.m., zone 1 officers were dispatched to the 2700 block of veteran street, perry south, for a burglary in progress with shots fired. upon arrival, officers observed a broken front window,  an open front door, and called for the occupants of the house to step outside. an adult  male and an adult female exited the house.  according to the investigation, four to five masked males reportedly gained entry into the house by kicking in the door.  at that time, an occupant fired an ak-47 style rifle at the actors and the actors fled the scene. the female occupant , identified as 32-year old micaela lindsey-carpenter informed officers her eight year old daughter was sleeping inside the home. as officers entered the residence to retrieve the uninjured juvenile and secure the house, they observed an ak-47 style rifle , marijuana, and drug paraphernalia.   after obtaining a search warrant, investigators retrieved weapons, marijuana, crack cocaine, cocaine, prescription pills, drug paraphernalia, a cash. lindsey-carpenter was treated for a hand injury and placed under arrest. lindsey-carpenter faces charges to include possession with intent to distribute a controlled substance, possession of controlled substance, endangering the welfare of children, recklessly endangering the another person, burglary and other drug charges. ### 12/12/2017 09:42:00 missing persons still looking for east liberty man for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the missing persons unit is reissuing this information concerning an open investigation into the disappearance of william ramey. ramey was last seen in east liberty on july 26, 2016. he uses multiple aliases with different dates of birth. he is approximately 5'6" and 150 pounds. according to the investigation, it is believed that he may have left his residence to move in with an unknown friend. his family has not heard from him. anyone who has seen or heard from him is encouraged to call the missing person unit at 412-323-7141. william ramey ### 12/12/2017 12:14:04 male doa while apparently attempting to steal wheels for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 8:50 a.m., zone 5 police were dispatched to the 7100 block of kelly street in homewood for a fatal accident. according to the investigation, it is believed the male victim was attempting to steal the wheels from a van when the vehicle fell on top of him. there is no further details available at this time. ### 12/12/2017 10:22:39 pedestrian struck by vehicle in squirrel hill for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 7:50 a.m., a male pedestrian was struck by a vehicle at the intersection of beechwood boulevard and loretta street in squirrel hill. paramedics transported him to upmc mercy in critical condition and has since been upgraded to stable. the accident investigation unit continues the investigation. ### 12/12/2017 10:20:31 update: male arrives at local hospital with gunshot wound update 9:10 a.m. dec. 13, 2017: doctors at upmc presbyterian have determined that the injuries to the victim were not caused by a gunshot but instead were the result of a physical assault. the victim was struck in the back of the head by an object other than a bullet. for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the violent crime unit is investigating after a male arrived by private means to upmc st. margaret at approximately 6:20 a.m. on december 12, 2017 with a gun shot wound to the head. the male victim was transported to upmc presbyterian. he was alert and conscious but listed in critical condition. at this point in the investigation, a location of the shooting has not been confirmed. additional information will be released when available. ### 12/12/2017 10:18:21 scam alert for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the following crime alert is meant to inform the public that scammers have spotted in west oakland. at approximately 10:30 a.m. on tuesday, december 12, 2017, zone 4 officers were dispatched to the 100 block of moultrie street for a report of a home invasion in progress. according to the investigation, two females were present in the residence when the door bell rang. the male actor identified himself as being a representative of the electric company. he was wearing a green vest, a black tossel cap, and holding a clip board. the male told the victim that she needed to sign a form because he had checked the electric meter then attempted to force his way into the residence. yells from the victim alerted neighbors who came outside of their homes causing the male actor to flee the scene. there were at least two other males in a white van. the victim was not injured. duquesne light says that in the rare instances when an employee may need to enter a customer's home, the work would be scheduled in advance. for more tips on how to avoid scams, visit duquesne light's webpage here . ### 12/12/2017 15:01:11 steelers counterfeit ticket sales for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - there have been several reports of counterfeit tickets for the upcoming pittsburgh steelers vs new england patriots game. some of the reports are from people purchasing from craigslist and meeting the seller in the downtown area. as a result, pittsburgh police are reminding people to be cautious when purchasing tickets online. purchasers are advised to get as much information from the ticket as possible and due their due diligence when purchasing online.  it is suggested that you ask the seller to send you a copy or picture of the ticket, then verify the ticket from the steelers or heinz field ticket office. also, buy tickets from a reputable and license seller such as steelers, stub-hub, or seat geek. 15/12/2017 15:24:07 steelers counterfeit ticket sales for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - there have been several reports of counterfeit tickets for the upcoming pittsburgh steelers vs new england patriots game. some of the reports are from people purchasing from craigslist and meeting the seller in the downtown area. as a result, pittsburgh police are reminding people to be cautious when purchasing tickets online. purchasers are advised to get as much information from the ticket as possible and due their due diligence when purchasing online.  it is suggested that you ask the seller to send you a copy or picture of the ticket, then verify the ticket from the steelers or heinz field ticket office. also, buy tickets from a reputable and license seller such as steelers, stub-hub, or seat geek. ### 15/12/2017 15:28:17 steelers counterfeit ticket arrest for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – thursday, december 14, 2017, at approximately 3:50 p.m., zone 2 police officers arrested a suspect in connection with the sale of counterfeit steelers vs patriots game tickets. according to the investigation, the victim contacted the ticket seller from a craigslist ad and arranged to meet in downtown pittsburgh on thursday, december 14, 2017. upon receiving the tickets, the victim reportedly noticed suspicious labeling on the tickets and called heinz field to validate the purchased tickets. it was determined the barcode did not match the seats on the tickets. the victim was advised he purchased counterfeit tickets. the victim notified pittsburgh police. detectives quickly located the suspect downtown. the suspect is identified as 27-year old reginald sinclair slocum of new york, new york. slocum faces charges of forgery, counterfeiting, theft by deception, and criminal use of communication. ### 15/12/2017 15:11:13 warning! arrest warrant scam for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – be aware of an ongoing phone scam to extort money. we have received approximately five reports recently from people in different cities saying they were called by someone stating that the pittsburgh bureau of police has a warrant for their arrest. they are then instructed to make a payment over the phone in order to avoid being imprisoned. this is not the way the pittsburgh bureau of police conducts business. arrest warrants are handled via paper documentation, typically delivered in person by a uniform officer. there is no way to pay the officer of the bureau of police in order to avoid being arrested once there is a warrant for your arrest. if you have been a victim of this type of scam or if you have received a similar phone call, please call 911 and report this activity to the appropriate agency. ### 15/12/2017 17:27:31 non-fatal shooting under investigation for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 3:30 a.m. on saturday, december 16 a male arrived at agh by private means with a gunshot wound to his right leg and another grazing wound to his left foot. the male was last reported to be in stable condition. at this point in the investigation, it is believed that the victim may have been leaving a nightclub in the 7200 block of kelly street in homewood when he was shot. there is no description available of a suspected shooter. anyone with information regarding this incident is encouraged to call the group violence intervention unit at 412-323-7800. ### 16/12/2017 11:17:49 investigation under way into homewood shooting for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 7:57 a.m. a zone 5 police officer was flagged down by a male jitney driver who reported that his passenger had been shot. according to the investigation, the 17-year-old male victim was getting into the vehicle in the 7500 block of hamilton avenue when he was shot. he was on his way to school. shotspotter detected eight rounds fired. the victim was transported to upmc presbyterian where he was last reported to be in critical condition. anyone with information regarding this incident is encouraged to call police headquarters to speak with a detective. the phone number is 412-323-7800. ### 19/12/2017 09:41:21 south side flats armed robbery for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – monday, december 18, 2017 at approximately 6:20 p.m., an armed robbery occurred at a business in the 1100 block of e. carson street on the south side. according to the investigation, a male with a gun entered the store, assaulted an employee, and demanded cash. another employee pulled out pepper spray and attempted to spray the actor. the actor forcefully obtained the pepper spray and sprayed the two employees. the actor fled the store on foot with an undisclosed amount of cash. the suspect is described as a white male, approximately 6'1" to 6'3", and clean shaven. he was wearing a black hooded sweatshirt, dark colored pants, and brown boots. the employees were treated at the scene by medics. if anyone has any information, please call the robbery squad at 412-323-7800. ### 19/12/2017 10:29:30 correction: south side flats shooting for immediate release correction 11:52 p.m. - the shooting occurred at 5:50 p.m. the investigation has determined the actual shooting happened at brady street and second avenue. ### pittsburgh,pa – on tuesday, december 19, 2017,  at approximately 6:50 p.m., pittsburgh police officers responded to a possible shooting in the 2700 block of s. water street on the south side. upon arrival, officers observed a white nissan altima with a male passenger suffering from a gunshot wound to the head. the male victim was transported to a local hospital where he remains in critical condition. the driver of the vehicle was not injured.  initial reports indicate the shooting occurred along second avenue near the hot metal bridge in south oakland.  second avenue and s. water street have reopened to traffic.  no further information is available at this time. if anyone has any information on this shooting, please call the violent crime unit at (412) 323-7800 . ### 19/12/2017 21:28:25 school van driver arrested for immediate release pittsburgh,pa – at approximately 8:30 a.m. on tuesday, december 19, 2017, zone 4 officers were dispatched to the children's institute in the 1400 block of shady avenue for a reported sexual assault on a school van. according to the investigation, a school van driver was seen inappropriately touching a 16-year old special needs student on the van. the van is owned by professional limousine service of mckees rocks. the driver was detained and later identified as 71-year old lavelle tucker of mckees rocks.  tucker was arrested and transported to the allegheny county jail. he now faces charges of indecent assault, endangering welfare of children, and corruption of minors. lavelle tucker photo ### 20/12/2017 12:59:59 update: 3 die in fire in homewood for immediate release update ( 12/21/2017) two people have been arrested in connection with the triple fatal arson at 7654 bennett street on december 20, 2017. martell smith, 41 years old,  faces three counts of criminal homicide, several related arson charges, and narcotics charges. tiasia  malloy, 26 years old, was also arrested in connection with the arson. malloy is charged with aggravated assault on an officer.  both actors are currently in the allegheny county jail. no further information is available at this time. ### pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 2:20 a.m., zone 5 officers on patrol in the area of the area 7600 block of bennett street came across a residential fire. the home was fully engulfed and an adult male was on the roof of a side structure that was two-stories high. the male jumped to safety but injured his leg. the bureau of fire was on the scene at 2:24 a.m. he was transported to a local hospital in stable condition. the fire went to three-alarms. the bodies of three individuals – a female child believed to be 4 years old and two adult females – were found deceased inside of the house. the cause of the fire is currently under investigation. several individuals have been questioned by police. ### 20/12/2017 06:35:58 vacant structure fire in wilkinsburg for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 6:20 a.m. on december 20, 2017, the pittsburgh bureau of fire was dispatched to a residential structure fire in the 8000 block of susquehanna street in wilkinsburg. the residence was believed to be vacant at the time of the fire, which went to three alarms. firefighters quickly contained the fire; however, one fell through the floor. he was not injured and continued working the fire. the cause of the fire remains under investigation. ### 20/12/2017 08:04:04 downtown fatal tree trimming accident for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - on saturday, december 23, 2017 at approximately 1:05 p.m., zone 2 officers were dispatched to the 400 block of ft. duquesne boulevard, at one gateway center,  for an accident involving a tree trimmer. upon arrival, officers observed a deceased male lying next to an emery tree service truck. according to the investigation, four workers were trimming trees when an apparent mechanical failure on a bucket truck occurred. a male worker was thrown from the bucket of the truck onto the ground. no further information is available at this time. ### 23/12/2017 14:43:33 update: search for armed carjacking suspects for immediate release update - december 24, 2017 on sunday, december 24, 2017, zone 6 detectives arrested 28-year old darius welch in connection with an armed carjacking in the sheraden area. with the help of the community, detectives were able to apprehend welch without incident. welch is currently in the allegheny county jail. 26-year old kelvina hickman mason remains at large. if you know the whereabouts of kelvina mason, please call zone 6 detectives at 412-937-3095 or 412-937-3051. ### pittsburgh, pa – zone 6 police detectives are searching for two suspects in connection with an armed carjacking in the sheraden area. on wednesday, december 13, 2017 at approximately 2:42 p.m., 28-year old darius welch and  26-year old kelvina mason reportedly robbed two women at gunpoint in the 2700 block of merwyn avenue.  according to the investigation, the victims were selling electronic products from their company vehicle at the time of the incident. welch is described as 5'8" tall, 150 lbs., scruffy facial hair, and a scar near his right eye. mason is described as 5'1", 150 lbs., long dark hair, with a piercing on the left side of her upper left. both actors are believed to frequent the mckees rocks, wilkinsburg, hill district, south side, or sheraden areas. welch is considered to be armed and dangerous. if you have any information on the whereabouts of welch and mason, please call zone 6 detectives at 412-937-3095 or 412-937-3051 . darius welch kelvina hickman mason ### 21/12/2017 18:28:34 update: second avenue shooting for immediate release update: december 27, 2017 pittsburgh, pa – based on a preliminary investigation into the shooting along second avenue during rush hour on tuesday, december 19, 2017, pittsburgh police detectives have determined that the victims were not the intended target. this case continues to be an active investigation that detectives are aggressively working. detectives are urging the public to come forward with any information about this incident. if you observed or heard anything unusual while driving along second avenue on tuesday, december 19, 2017 between 5:30 p.m. and 6:00 p.m., please call the vcu homicide unite at 412-323-7161. no further information is being released at this time. ### december 19, 2017 pittsburgh,pa – on tuesday, december 19, 2017,  at approximately 5:50 p.m., pittsburgh police officers responded to a possible shooting in the 2700 block of s. water street on the south side. upon arrival, officers observed a white nissan altima with a male passenger suffering from a gunshot wound to the head. the male victim was transported to a local hospital where he remains in critical condition. the driver of the vehicle was not injured.  initial reports indicate the shooting occurred along second avenue and the car with the injured passenger drove to s. water street before stopping. if anyone has any information on this shooting, please call the violent crime unit at (412) 323-7800 . ### 27/12/2017 16:00:48 highmark first night pittsburgh 2018 for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the pittsburgh public safety department is prepared for the official annual highmark first night pittsburgh 2018 celebration this sunday, december 31, 2017. to ring in the new year, plans are in place to ensure the safety of the public and property for this family-friendly new year's eve celebration. the weather forecast is calling for frigid temperatures with low temperatures in the single digits. all attendees are advised to dress appropriately. paramedics and emt's will be on hand to care for anyone who experiences a health-related issue.  police and crossing guards will focus on traffic control and pedestrian safety. "a zero tolerance policy will be fully enforced to ensure the safety of all people and property," says public safety director wendell hissrich. "during this event, law enforcement officers will be on alert for misbehavior and will act quickly on acts that compromise the security and well-being of celebrants." as in the past, uniformed and plainclothes officers will be focused on crowd management and deterring crime and disorder. along with other bureau of police assets, surveillance cameras will be operational and monitored. assisting and support agencies and assets include, but are not limited to: allegheny county sheriff's office, allegheny county police,  port authority police, pittsburgh department of public works, penndot, event organizer's volunteers, mcgann & chester towing. all port authority transit riders are urged to check the bus schedules. at this time, many buses are available to transport riders to the event, but may not be scheduled for late night departures from downtown and surrounding areas. street closures there will be events throughout the cultural district, centered on penn and liberty avenues. street closures begin at 10:00 a.m. sunday, december 31, 2017 and reopen at 1:00 a.m. on monday, january 1, 2018,  unless otherwise noted: from 10:00 a.m. - 1:00 a.m. -  penn avenue at stanwix street to 9th street will be closed for the duration of the event. from 10:00 a.m. - 2:00 a.m. - stanwix street northbound from liberty avenue to fort duquesne boulevard will be closed. from 5:00 p.m. - 2:00 a.m. - stanwix street southbound , from liberty avenue to fort duquesne boulevard will be closed. additional street closures: along maddock place and alleys leading into and surrounding the event from penn avenue, liberty avenue 6-10 streets. additional street & parking information eqt plaza garage will be closed from 12:00 p.m. - 2:00 a.m. sixth and penn garage at 542 penn avenue will be closed from 12:00 p.m. - 2:00 a.m. 11 stanwix street garage can only be accessed from the fort duquesne boulevard entrance. fifth avenue extension will be closed from fifth avenue place to fort duquesne boulevard. the fifth avenue place parking garage is accessible from liberty avenue. seventh street will be closed from liberty avenue to the theatre square parking garage. the garage is accessible from ft. duquesne boulevard. eighth street will be closed from liberty avenue (tito way) to fort duquesne boulevard. the parking lot is accessible from ft. duquesne boulevard. ninth street will be  closed from liberty avenue to the ninth and penn garage. the garage is accessible from fort duquesne boulevard. garrison place will be closed from exchange way to french way. parking lot is accessible from fort duquesne boulevard. exchange way will be closed from garrison place to eighth street. parking is only accessible from tenth street. media parking media will be permitted to park on stanwix street between fort duquesne boulevard and the closure at 625 stanwix. all media vehicles must be along the cub lanes and not obstructing emergency access or pedestrian paths. for further event details:     28/12/2017 14:10:06 update: officer under investigation in alleged taser incident update: january 3, 2018 officer ronald hough, under investigation for an alleged taser incident,  has officially retired from the pittsburgh bureau of police. officer hough has been with the pittsburgh police for nearly 23 1/2 years. the investigation into the alleged incident continues. ### ---------------------------------------------------------------- for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – a pittsburgh police officer is under investigation for an alleged taser incident that occurred october 2017, in downtown pittsburgh. "we take all complaints of this nature very seriously and are investigating it to the fullest extent," says pittsburgh police chief scott schubert. this is an ongoing investigation and personnel matter. consequently; the pittsburgh bureau of police cannot discuss the personnel matter or details of the investigation. the citizen police review board and pittsburgh office of municipal investigations are now reviewing the alleged incident.  omi investigators have asked for surveillance video and information in connection with the incident. to date, the complainant has not cooperated with requests and not provided the video that was released to the media today. if anyone has additional information pertaining to this incident, please call omi at (412) 255-2804. ### 28/12/2017 16:58:21 update: search for endangered missing man for immediate release update 10:25 p.m. 12/28/2017 pittsburgh,pa - chester clark has been located. zone 6 officers found him this evening safe and unharmed. he was coherent and cooperative. community involvement was very helpful in locating mr. clark. no further information will be released in this case. ### pittsburgh, pa – a search is underway for an endangered missing male. zone 4 officers are looking for 60 year old chester clark. mr. clark suffers from significant mental illness and has not been taking his medication. he was last seen leaving his home in the oakland area on december 15, 2017. according to reports, he may appear homeless. he is known to frequent jubilee kitchen, light of life homeless shelter in the northside, market square, and watson street/fifth avenue. family members and investigators are concerned for his ability to care for himself. mr. clark is described as 5'11" tall, approximately 170 lbs., bald with dark hair on the sides, and brown eyes. he is often wearing hats; particularly cowboy style hats and toss tossle caps. clark may be wearing a steelers jacket. police need your help in locating chester clark. if you see him or have information on his whereabouts, please call the pittsburgh bureau of police missing persons unit at (412) 323-7141. chester clark ### 28/12/2017 17:50:00 police officer arrested for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on december 31, 2017 at approximately 2:20 p.m., zone 5 officers responded to a 911 call in the east end of the city.  an investigation revealed the call stemmed from a domestic incident involving pittsburgh police officer rachmiel gallman, 31 years old of pittsburgh. "we have high standards and expectations pertaining to the conduct of all on-duty and off-duty pittsburgh police officers. we take all complaints and allegations seriously. we will investigate and allow for due process," says police chief scott schubert. gallman was arrested and faces charges of false imprisonment. due to the nature of this case, we are respecting the privacy of the victims and upholding the integrity of this case. consequently; at this time, no further information will be available for release. ### 2/1/2018 13:15:11 for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police detectives are searching for a violent serial robber. between january 2, 2018 and january 3, 2018, the same person is believed to have robbed at least five businesses in the city. the actor is wanted in connection with robberies at the dollar general store in the 4700 block of centre avenue, the fuel-on convenience store in the 5700 block of ellsworth avenue, the wine and spirits store in the 5900 block of centre avenue, primanti brothers in the strip district, and the warrington beer store in the 800 block of e. warrington avenue. in each of the incidents, the actor enters the establishment, violently thrusts a gun at the clerk, grabs an undisclosed amount of cash, and runs away. he is described as being 6'0" tall and heavy built. in each of the robberies he was wearing a mask. this actor is considered armed and dangerous. if you recognize him or have any information about these robberies, please call the violent crimes unit at 412-323-7800. ### 4/1/2018 20:45:55 update: arrest of violent robbery suspect for immediate release update 01/06/2018: pittsburgh, pa - pittsburgh police detectives have arrested a suspect wanted in connection with a series of violent robberies. the suspect has been identified as arrington stine, 21 years old, of verona. he was apprehended during a traffic stop along east hills drive friday, january 5, 2018. stine will be charged with five counts of robbery. he is currently in the allegheny county jail. arrington stine ##### update 01/05/2018: pittsburgh, pa – the investigation continues into a series of violent robberies. according to the investigation, at least six robberies have occurred between december 30, 2017 and january 4, 2018. the latest robbery occurred at the shell gas station in the 5700 block of baum boulevard, thursday, january 4, 2017. the search continues for the actor. the male is described as being around 5'10" tall with a medium to heavy built. this actor is considered armed and dangerous. if you recognize him or have any information about these robberies, please call the violent crimes unit at 412-323-7800. for surveillance videos and pictures :  ### pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police detectives are searching for a violent serial robber. between january 2, 2018 and january 3, 2018, the same person is believed to have robbed at least five businesses in the city. the actor is wanted in connection with robberies at the dollar general store in the 4700 block of centre avenue, the fuel-on convenience store in the 5700 block of ellsworth avenue, the wine and spirits store in the 5900 block of centre avenue, primanti brothers in the strip district, and the warrington beer store in the 800 block of e. warrington avenue. in each of the incidents, the actor enters the establishment, violently thrusts a gun at the clerk, grabs an undisclosed amount of cash, and runs away. he is described as being 6'0" tall and heavy built. in each of the robberies he was wearing a mask. this actor is considered armed and dangerous. if you recognize him or have any information about these robberies, please call the violent crimes unit at 412-323-7800. ### 4/1/2018 20:58:42 homewood north homicide for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on tuesday, january 9, 2018 at approximately 1:20 p.m., zone 5 police officers responded to shotspotter notifications and 9-1-1 calls in homewood north. upon arrival, officers observed a deceased male, with gunshot wounds, lying in the 1400 block of north murtland street near upland street. initial reports indicate the victim was in his 20's to early 30's. a nearby high school was placed on lockdown as a precaution. the lockdown was shortly lifted. in addition to zone 5 officers, homicide detectives, the group violence intervention squad, along with plain clothes detectives also responded to assist on the scene. an investigation continues. no further information is being released at this time. if anyone has information about this homicide, please call the major crimes unit at (412) 323-7800. ### 9/1/2018 16:19:08 counterfeit tickets for steelers vs jaguars for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police want to remind people to be cautious when purchasing online tickets for sunday's  pittsburgh steelers vs jacksonville jaguars playoff game. online ticket purchasers should get as much information from the seller as possible. it is advised that you ask the seller to send you a copy or picture of the ticket, then verify the ticket from the steelers of heinz field ticket office. it is always best to buy tickets from a reputable and licensed seller such as the steelers, stub-hub, of seat geek. ### 10/1/2018 18:40:23 arrest in downtown bank robbery for immediate release update 01/11/2018: pittsburgh, pa - an arrest has been made in connection with the january 10, 2018 robbery of the huntingdon bank on smithfield street, downtown. pittsburgh police robbery detectives arrested mark hammond, 53 years old, of mckees rocks. hammond will be charged with one count of robbery and one count of ciminal consipiracy. the search continues for a second suspect involved in the robbery. ### pittsburgh, pa - at approximately 2:44 p.m., wednesday, january 10, 2018, pittsburgh police detectives responded to a robbery at the downtown branch of huntingdon bank in the 600 block of smithfield street.  according to reports, a male entered the bank, approached a teller, and demanded money. the actor received an undisclosed amount of cash and fled on foot. no weapon was seen during the robbery.  he is described as a male, 6'0" tall, and of medium-build. the actor was dressed in all black including a black tossle cap and a black scarf which covered his face. if anyone has information on this robbery, please call pittsburgh robbery detectives at (412) 323-7800. ### 10/1/2018 16:47:05 officer involved shooting pittsburgh, pa – on thursday, january 11, 2018 at approximately 1:20 a.m., zone 5 police officers received shotspotter notifications and were dispatched to the 8000 block of nimick place, east hills. upon arrival, officers encountered a male in the street with a shotgun and a handgun. the actor refused to comply with demands to drop the weapons. he was subsequently shot by officers. the actor was transported to the hospital in critical condition. the officers were uninjured. in accordance with standard protocol, the officers have been placed on administrative duty pending the outcome of the investigation.  the investigation is being handled by the allegheny county police. ### 11/1/2018 07:09:56 meghan's law notification of sexually violent predator for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police sex assault detectives are notifying the public that thomas raymond hiles, a sexually violent predator, was seen around the 600 block of smithfield street in downtown pittsburgh. hiles is currently homeless. * this notice is being sent in accordance with the requirements of megan's law. megan's law: sexually violent predator - community notification flier thomas raymond hiles ### 11/1/2018 13:55:00 update: arrest made in pizza shop altercation for immediate release update: pittsburgh, pa – zone 2 police detectives have made an arrest in connection with the altercation between a male employee and female at milano's pizza shop in the uptown neighborhood. this evening, 41-year old mahmut yimaz of pittsburgh, turned himself in to zone 2 police officers. yimaz faces one count of simple assault and one aggravated assault charge. again, police detectives would like to thank the community for their assistance during this investigation. ### pittsburgh, pa – zone 2 police detectives are investigating a violent altercation between a male employee and a woman at milano's pizza in the uptown neighborhood of pittsburgh. the incident occurred friday evening, january 12, 2018. the female victim reportedly went to the hospital hours after the incident and that is where police were called to take a report. to clarify social media reports, the victim has not been charged.  zone 2 police are actively investigating this matter. police detectives appreciate the video and assistance from the community. as the investigation progresses, if anyone has more information on this altercation please call zone 2 at (412) 255-2827 or stop by zone 2 at 2000 centre avenue or the zone 2 substation at 600 liberty avenue. ### 13/1/2018 11:39:44 correction: arrest made in pizza shop altercation for immediate release correction: last name of suspect: mahmut yilmaz pittsburgh, pa – zone 2 police detectives have made an arrest in the altercation between a male employee and female at milano's pizza shop in the uptown neighborhood. this evening, 41-year old mahmut yilmaz of pittsburgh, turned himself in to zone 2 police officers. yilmaz faces the following charges: one count of simple assault and one count of aggravated assault. again, police detectives would like to thank the community for their assistance during this investigation. ### pittsburgh, pa – zone 2 police detectives are investigating a violent altercation between a male employee and a woman at milano's pizza in the uptown neighborhood of pittsburgh. the incident occurred friday evening, january 12, 2018. the female victim reportedly went to the hospital hours after the incident and that is where police were called to take a report. to clarify social media reports, the victim has not been charged.  zone 2 police are actively investigating this matter. police detectives appreciate the video and assistance from the community. as the investigation progresses, if anyone has more information on this altercation please call zone 2 at (412) 255-2827 or stop by zone 2 at 2000 centre avenue or the zone 2 substation at 600 liberty avenue. ### 14/1/2018 09:05:17 investigation into knoxville fatal shooting for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on wednesday january 17, 2018 at approximately 11:35 p.m., zone 3 officers were dispatched to the intersection of amanda avenue and jacunda street in knoxville for reports of shots fired. upon arrival, they discovered a deceased adult male lying in the street. initial reports reveal the victim was shot and then run over by a vehicle. at this time, no further information is available. the investigation continues. if you have any information on this fatal shooting, please give the violent crime unit a call at 412-323-7800. ### 18/1/2018 03:40:42 arrest in shooting of homewood south teenager for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on sunday, january 21,2018 at approximately 11:15 p.m., zone 5 officers were dispatched to the 700 block of brushton avenue, homewood south. upon arrival, officers heard gunshots being fired and received shotspotter notifications of the activity. according to reports, a  16-year old male was discovered  at the intersection of brushton avenue and bennett street, suffering from a gunshot wound to his upper leg. the teenage victim was transported to the hospital in stable condition. a male, later identified as 19-year old alexander clark, was observed fleeing the scene. minutes later, clark was detained by an off-duty versailles boro police officer and zone 5 officers. clark was arrested by gang violence intervention detectives in relation to the shooting. clark faces several charges:  aggravated assault, firearms not to be carried without a license, possession of a small amount of marijuana, possession of a controlled substance (crack cocaine), criminal conspiracy (aggravated assault). ### 22/1/2018 11:19:45 peaceful end to spring garden standoff for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on tuesday, january 23, 2018 at approximately 3:23 p.m., zone 1 officers responded to an apparent domestic violence situation inside a home on the 1200 block of high street. as police arrived on the scene, 34-year old necoma salvatore, refused to come out of the residence and barricaded himself inside the house with his two daughters. at the time, it was unknown if salvatore possessed any weapons. the swat team was called in to assist in the matter. the girls were released unharmed. salvatore eventually surrendered to police bringing the incident to a peaceful end. no injuries were reported. salvatore was taken into custody and transported to jail. ### 23/1/2018 18:32:48 arrest in north shore vehicle break-ins for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on tuesday, january 23, 2018 at 4:07 a.m., zone 1 officers were dispatched to the 100 block of anderson street on the north shore for a suspicious person report. upon arrival, they observed a suspect inside the garage of an apartment complex. the adult male was apparently attempting to break into vehicles and steal items from inside the vehicles. the actor, identified as 54-year old kenneth harris, reportedly attempted to flee police on foot and did not comply with commands to stop running. according to the investigation, harris jumped from the third floor of the garage and into a tree, then he jumped to the ground and continued to run.  harris was found a short time later hiding in a nearby tree. he was apprehended and taken into custody. harris faces charges to include: burglary, criminal mischief, theft from vehicles, and escape. ### 23/1/2018 10:06:34 perry south pursuit and arrest for immediate release pittsburgh, pa -  at approximately 12:30 p.m., thursday, january 25, 2018, zone 1 police officers attempted to make a traffic stop along elsdon street in the perry south neighborhood. the operator of the vehicle, 21-year old tirae bernard of perry south, led police on a vehicle pursuit from perry south. the pursuit went from perry south, through spring garden, and into reserve township. bernard abandoned his vehicle along mt. troy road in reserve township, and was later discovered by k-9 officers inside a garage in the 2600 block of mt. troy road. around 1:00 p.m., bernard was apprehended and taken into custody. during the chase, bernard struck a police vehicle. fortunately, there were no injuries. as a precaution, three schools were put on lockdown for a short period of time. at this time, the investigation continues and there is no information on charges. ### 25/1/2018 14:42:36 arrest in marshall-shadeland homicide for immediate release update:  january 25, 2018 pittsburgh, pa – on thursday, january 25, 2018 at approximately 4:00 p.m.,  pittsburgh homicide detectives made an arrest in a marshall-shadeland murder case.  detectives arrested 27-year old louis campbell of  swissvale in connection with the murder of 30-year old albert boxley, from the homewood south neighborhood.  boxley was found murdered at the intersection of mullins street and dickson street on saturday, january 20, 2018 in the marshall-shadeland neighborhood. louis campbell is currently in the allegheny county jail facing criminal homicide charges. ##### pittsburgh, pa – on saturday january 20, 2018 at approximately 4:40 p.m., zone 1 officers and detectives were called to the intersection of mullins street and dickson street for a reported shooting. upon arrival, officers discovered a deceased male, believed to be in his 20's , lying in the street. the victim was reportedly shot multiple times. an investigation is underway.if anyone has information regarding this fatal shooting, please call (412) 323-7800. 20/1/2018 18:20:48 update: arrest in 2016 homicide for immediate release correction: emere mason is 19 years old. update: pittsburgh, pa - emere mason was apprehended in pontiac, michigan. pittsburgh, pa – on thursday, january 25, 2018, a suspect was arrested in the 2016 murder of rashawn gibson. authorities in michigan arrested 21-year old emere mason. 17-year old rashawn gibson was murdered on december 20, 2016 in the sheraden neighborhood.  emere mason will be extradited to pittsburgh where he will face criminal homicide charges.  no further information is available at this time. ### 25/1/2018 18:49:33 arrest in homewood south non-fatal shooting for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 4:40 p.m., zone 5 officers patrolling the 700 block of brushton avenue witnessed a shooting in progress. a male victim was observed lying in the street suffering from a gunshot wound. officers pursued the male shooter on foot and apprehended him the 7600 block of kelly street. the male victim was transported to the hospital in critical condition and has been upgraded to stable condition. the investigation continues. while en route to the shooting, two officers were involved in a collision with a vehicle at the intersection of washington boulevard and frankstown avenue. the officers were transported to the hospital with minor injuries. the driver of the vehicle was not injured. 28/1/2018 21:58:07 update: arrest in east hills homicide for immediate release update 1/29/2018: pittsburgh, pa – sunday, january 28, 2018 at approximately 7:20 p.m., officers responded to a report of a man shot on wilner drive in east hills. upon arrival, officers observed a deceased 24-year old male victim with gunshot wounds lying in the street. during the investigation, officers located evidence and detained two juvenile males for questioning. one of those males, melik johnson, 17, of northview heights and east liberty, was eventually charged with criminal homicide, two counts of robbery, criminal conspiracy, and a firearm violation. detectives also learned during their investigation that this homicide was the result of a pre-arranged marijuana deal that turned into a robbery. a photo of melik johnson is not available. ### pittsburgh, pa – on sunday, january 28, 2018 at approximately 7:20 p.m., zone 5 officers responded to a shooting on the 2200 block of wilner drive, east hills. as officers arrived on the scene they discovered a deceased male, with a gunshot wound, lying in the parking lot. an active investigation is underway. if anyone has information regarding this fatal shooting, please give homicide detectives a call at 412-323-7800. no further information is available at time. ### 28/1/2018 22:13:16 update: investigation into school threat for immediate release update 1/29/2018 - 2:00 p.m. pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police detectives, along with broward county law enforcement officials, fbi, and the pittsburgh public school police have identified a suspect in the threat made to a pittsburgh school. the threat was determined to be a hoax. the suspect is described as a  21-year old male who currently resides in broward county. the suspect was interviewed by florida officials this morning. while playing the online video game, fortnite, the suspect indicated that he was heavily armed and going to shoot up a pittsburgh school. at this time, the suspect has not been charged. investigators will confer with the district attorney's office and the u.s. attorney's office on the filing of criminal charges. schools inside and outside the city joined detectives in the effort to keep students, employees, and residents safe from harm. an abundance of caution was employed by several school districts in this area. precautionary measures are in place. each school district will determine whether those precautions will remain. parents and students are advised to check with your school for further instructions. "we take these matters very seriously and appreciate the cooperation of the media, surrounding schools, and various law enforcement agencies. we are happy to bring this to a peaceful resolution," says wendell hissrich, director of public safety for the city of pittsburgh. ### pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh bureau of police detectives are aggressively investigating a school threat targeting pittsburgh schools. wtae-tv in pittsburgh,  received a link to an online video site where a male can be heard making violent verbal threats to a pittsburgh school. wtae promptly acted and notified police at approximately 5:15 p.m. on sunday, january 28, 2018. the public safety department wishes to express its appreciation to wtae-tv for its swift action and cooperation during the investigation. for the good of the investigation and the public's safety, they have yet to air the video and incite a potentially dangerous situation. pittsburgh detectives are  continuing to investigate the matter. pittsburgh public schools and surrounding school districts are aware of the threat and have taken necessary precaution. extra pittsburgh police patrols will be added to the schools to ensure the safety of all students and employees. at this time, pittsburgh detectives, along with the fbi and pittsburgh school police  are following up on information and employing precautionary measures in accordance with protocol. if anyone has information regarding this incident, please give detectives a call at 412-323-7800. ### 29/1/2018 08:57:01 update: n. oakland bicycle vs driver incident for immediate release update februrary 2, 2018: pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police have thoroughly investigated the video on social media and video-sharing websites which shows a physical confrontation involving a bicyclist and a vehicle driver in north oakland. the persons involved have not filed a report with police and no charges have been filed. this investigation remains open in the event a suspect or victim wishes to come forward at a later date. the public safety department would like to remind all persons travelling on city streets to be lawful, cautious, and respectful. if there is a problem, call 9-1-1. we continue to maintain and enforce safety on our streets. ### pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police investigators are aware of a video on social media and video-sharing websites which shows a physical confrontation involving a bicyclist and a vehicle driver. the incident reportedly occurred on thursday, january 25, 2018 at approximately 6:30 p.m. at the intersection of s. bellefield avenue and 5th avenue in the north oakland section of the city.  at this time, the persons involved still have not filed a police report related to this matter. investigators are continuing to look into this matter. if anyone has information regarding this incident or what led up to it, please call zone 4 police at (412) 422-6520. ### 27/1/2018 17:37:05 pittsburgh police have thoroughly investigated the video on social media and video-sharing websites pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police have thoroughly investigated the video on social media and video-sharing websites which shows a physical confrontation involving a bicyclist and a vehicle driver in north oakland. the persons involved have not filed a report with police and no charges have been filed. this investigation remains open in the event a suspect or victim wishes to come forward at a later date. the public safety department would like to remind all persons travelling on city streets to be lawful, cautious, and respectful. if there is a problem, call 9-1-1. we continue to maintain and enforce safety on our streets. ### 2/2/2018 08:39:33 update: search for missing woman for immediate release update: pittsburgh, pa -  michelle montgomery has been located. she is safe and unharmed. ### pittsburgh, pa – have you seen this missing woman? pittsburgh detectives need your help in locating 37-year old, michelle montgomery.  she may be in need of medical attention. ms. montgomery was last seen may of 2017.  she is described as being 5'4" tall, approximately 120 pounds, brown eyes, black hair. her last known residence was in terrace village. if anyone has information on ms. montgomery's whereabouts, please call the missing persons unit at 412-323-7141. ###### 6/2/2018 06:06:24 one person killed in lincoln-lemington double shooting for immediate release pittsburgh, pa –  on tuesday, february 6, 2018, at approximately 11:42 p.m., zone 5 officers responded to shotspotter notifications in the lincoln-lemington area. as officers arrived in the 1300 block of paulson avenue, they observed one deceased male on the street with an apparent gunshot wound to the head. another male victim was found suffering from multiple gunshot wounds nearby on paulson avenue. the victim was transported to the hospital in stable condition. the investigation continues. if anyone has information, please give homicide detectives a call at 412-323-7800. ### 7/2/2018 06:56:25 arrest in south shore restaurant robbery for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on february 9, 2018 at approximately 12:10 a.m., officers were dispatched to 100 w. station square drive for an apparent robbery in progress at the grand concourse restaurant.  the actor, reportedly entered the restaurant wearing a ski mask as employees were locking the doors. the actor then forced his way into the establishment through a door by grabbing and pushing an employee back inside. according to the report, the actor ordered another employee at gunpoint to a safe and demanded the money inside. the actor fled the scene with an undisclosed amount of cash.  as officers approached the restaurant, they observed a man fitting the description of the actor on the smithfield street bridge. following a brief foot pursuit, the actor, later identified as 56-year old morgan lewis of spring hill, was apprehended and taken into custody. lewis, a former employee of the restaurant, faces several charges to include robbery, terroristic threats, simple assault, and firearms violations. #### 9/2/2018 11:14:38 east liberty pedestrian hit and run accident for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on sunday, february 11, 2018 at approximately 12:15 a.m., officers responded to a pedestrian accident in the 100 block of n. beatty street in east liberty. upon arrival, officers observed a male victim on the street suffering from multiple injuries. initial reports indicate the victim was run over by a vehicle that left the scene. the victim was transported to the hospital in critical condition. if anyone has information on the vehicle or this incident, please call zone 5 police at 412-665-3605. ### 11/2/2018 11:03:09 officer involved shooting in homewood south for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on sunday, february 11, 2018 at approximately 1:27 a.m., zone 5 officers, on neighborhood  patrol, were alerted to an actor with a gun in the area of brushton avenue and bennett street in the homewood south neighborhood. as officers made contact with the actor, a foot pursuit ensued and the actor fired a gun at the officers. the officers returned fire, striking the actor. the actor continued to flee but was later apprehended. the actor was transported to the hospital where he later died. the officers were uninjured. the investigation is being conducted by the allegheny county police. ### 11/2/2018 04:23:33 washington blvd. flood gates to be checked for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – the departments of public safety and public works will conduct a routine check of the flood gates along washington boulevard tomorrow, tuesday, february 13, 2018. the public is advised that the test will close a portion of washington boulevard from negley run to allegheny river boulevard, and highland drive at lemington avenue from 4:00 a.m. to no later than 5:30 a.m.  the most recent routine check occurred on august 31, 2017 and all systems were found to be working appropriately. ### 12/2/2018 11:07:34 swat situation results in drug arrests for immediate release update 2/13/2018: pittsburgh, pa - 32-year-old marie anderson and 40-year-old anthony michael dirda, jr. have been arrested and charged in connection with a swat situation that resulted in a a drug bust at their residence in the 1600 block of alplaus street in carrick. detectives obtained a search warrant for the house and seized 28 marijuana plants, loose marijuana, equipment for growing marijuana, and drug paraphernalia. anderson and dirda, jr. were transported to the allegheny county jail without incident. they are facing charges including possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance, criminal conspiracy, and several other drug related charges. ### for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on monday, february 12, 2018 at approximately 3:35 p.m., zone 3 officers were dispatched to the 1600 block of alplaus street in carrick for a reported domestic situation between a male and a female. upon arrival, officers determined the female had gone back inside the house with the male. the situation turned into a barricade with the woman possibly being held hostage. the swat team responded to the scene along with negotiators. the woman was eventually brought out safely. she did not appear to have any injuries requiring medical attention. around 6:30 p.m., the male was brought out and taken into custody. upon further investigation, drugs were observed inside the residence. the male and female were arrested and are now facing drug charges. at this time, the names of the suspects have have not been released . the investigation continues. no further information is available at this time. ### 12/2/2018 22:00:08 update: stanton heights swat situation update 2/14/2018 10:59 p.m.: pittsburgh, pa -  corey yurko, 29 years old, of stanton heights has been taken into custody. after swat cleared the home on celadine street, police were notified that yurko was at the home of a relative on woodbine street. as police arrived at the home in the 1400 block of woodbine street, yurko surrendered peacefully. yurko will be charged with simple assault and terroristic threats from an existing arrest warrant. additional charges are pending. ### ----------------------------------------------------------------- for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on wednesday, february 14, 2018,  at approximately 1:30 p.m., zone 5 officers attempted to issue a pfa notice and an arrest warrant on a male involved in a domestic situation. at the time, the male actor was reportedly inside a residence in the 5500 block of celadine street, in the stanton heights neighborhood. there were also unconfirmed reports that the actor was known to have weapons. around 2:38 p.m., the swat unit was called in as a precautionary measure to ensure the safety of neighbors and assist in locating the actor. at approximately, 4:00 p.m., it was determined by negotiators and swat team members that the actor was not inside the residence. family members are now involved and working with police to bring this incident to a peaceful resolution. at this time, the actor remains at large. no injuries have been reported. the investigation continues. ### 14/2/2018 20:11:24 3 people rescued from three alarm house fire for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – around 4:30 a.m.  on sunday, february 18, 2018, zone 3 police officers responded to a 9-1-1 call in the 2200 block of westmont avenue in carrick. upon arrival, they discovered flames inside a house with three people trapped inside. firefighters were called to the scene as rescue operations got underway. an adult male and three children were able to safely get out of the home. an adult female and two children were rescued by firefighters from the second floor of the structure as the fire reached three alarms. the woman and two children were transported by paramedics to the hospital in critical condition. three uninjured children were taken to the hospital for evaluation. the cause of the fire remains under investigation. ### 18/2/2018 08:59:27 fatal crash at washington boulevard and frankstown avenue for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on sunday, february 18, 2018 at approximately 3:30 a.m., zone 5 officers were dispatched to a fatal two vehicle accident at the intersection of frankstown road and washington boulevard. one male victim was found pinned under a vehicle. he died at the scene. according to initial reports, the car operated by the victim was leaving a convenience store parking lot and attempting to make a turn at the intersection when it collided with another vehicle on washington boulevard. the car, operated by the victim, spun out of control. the victim was ejected. at this time, there are no reports of injuries to the occupant of the second vehicle. an investigation is underway. ### 18/2/2018 08:49:31 murder fugitive arrested for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on february 6, 2018, murder fugitive keith thompson, 37 years old, of the bahamas was taken into custody by authorities in jamaica. thompson was a fugitive from justice for the past 14 years. thompson was wanted by pittsburgh police for the murder of michael brown of the bronx, ny. michael brown's body was discovered june of 2003 near calvary cemetery in hazelwood. through the diligence of the allegheny county sheriff's office, the allegheny county district attorney's office and the pittsburgh fbi, jamaican authorities were able to detain thompson until he was extradited today to the united states. thompson is currently in the allegheny county jail charged with murder. no further information will be released at this time. no photo is available. ### 23/2/2018 01:47:19 pedestrian hit by vehicle in chateau for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 6:20 a.m. on february 23, 2018,   zone 1 officers responded to a hit-and-run pedestrian accident at the intersection of beaver avenue and n. franklin street in the chateau neighborhood.  according to preliminary reports, a male pedestrian was crossing the street when he was struck by an oncoming vehicle. the vehicle fled the scene. the victim was transported to the hospital in critical condition. an investigation is underway and police are now searching for a maroon mid-sized vehicle in connection with the incident. no further description of the vehicle is available at this time. if anyone has information on the accident, please give police a call at 412-323-7800. ### 23/2/2018 09:59:34 resend - arrest: double homicide in point breeze north for immediate release update 2/28/2018: pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 2:45 a.m. 58-year-old vincent smith was charged in connection with the double homicide inside a home in the 100 block of penfield place in point breeze north.  smith, who was injured in the fire, remains hospitalized in stable condition. smith is under police guard pending transport to the allegheny county jail. smith faces two counts of criminal homicide, three counts of arson, and two counts of abuse of a corpse. on february 26, 2018 at approximately 1:58 p.m., swissvale police and allegheny county detectives were at the penfield pl residence inquiring about a missing person. preliminary reports indicate allegheny county police made entry into the home during the welfare check after there was no response. smith was observed dropping matches and setting the house on fire. smith was rescued from the fire and transported from the hospital. after the fire was put out, investigators combed the scene and discovered a body in the basement area of the house. it appeared the body was there before the fire began. police combed through the scene throughout the evening and secured the home overnight. the following morning, tuesday, february 27, 2018  at approximately 10:00 a.m., investigators returned to the secured location and continued sifting through the debris. a second body was later discovered in the house on a lower floor. the investigation continues into this arson and double homicide case. if anyone has any information about this incident, give homicide detectives a call at 412-323-7800. ### 28/2/2018 15:54:41 arrest in downtown bank robbery for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on friday, march 2, 2018 at approximately 5:30 p.m., pittsburgh police detectives arrested a suspect in connection with a bank robbery in the central business district. the suspect, 60-year-old darryl wilson of the crawford-roberts neighborhood, was arrested without incident in the 300 block of dinwiddie street. on february 22, 2018,  wilson reportedly walked into the key bank located in the 300 block of sixth avenue. he approached a teller and demanded money. no injuries were reported. wilson is now in the allegheny county jail facing charges of robbery and receiving stolen property. pittsburgh police want to thank the fbi-pittsburgh and the public for assistance in this case. ### 3/3/2018 14:04:35 3-alarm apartment building fire in the upper hill district for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 8:05 p.m.  on saturday, march 3, 2018, pittsburgh fire, police, and ems were dispatched to a three-alarm fire in the upper hill neighborhood of schenley heights. the fire occurred inside a four-story apartment building in the 3300 block of iowa street. residents were able to escape unharmed. one firefighter suffered burns and was transported to the hospital for treatment. he is in good condition. six families, 11 adults and 17 children, were displaced. the cause of the fire remains under investigation. the salvation army assisted emergency responders and residents on the scene. grace memorial presbyterian church provided shelter for residents and a location for red cross workers to assist  residents with their immediate needs. ### 4/3/2018 00:51:20 search for suspect in credit card scam for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police detectives are seeking assistance in identifying this man wanted in connection with an apparent cloned credit card and identity theft scam. according to a report filed with police, the victim was notified of charges to their credit card  on february 19, 2018 at a business in east liberty . upon notification of that charge, the victim canceled the credit card.  then, on february 26, 2018, the victim was notified of another charge on the canceled credit card at a business in north oakland.  if you can identify this man, please give zone 1 police detectives a call at 412-323-7201. pittsbur 5/3/2018 16:46:53 washington blvd. flood gates inoperable until further notice for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - pittsburgh, pa - the washington boulevard flood gates are inoperable until further notice due to a single vehicle crash. at approximately 5:14 p.m. pm tuesday, march 6, 2018, a vehicle struck the flood gate pole and power box near negley run boulevard. there were no reported medical transports. the incident is under investigation. ### 6/3/2018 18:41:03 arrest in ems vehicle theft for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - on saturday, march 10, 2018 at approximately 11:59 p.m., police officers were dispatched to the 1300 block of centre avenue for a report of a stolen city of pittsburgh ems vehicle (suv). the ems vehicle was reportedly parked on the street and stolen as medical personnel responded to an emergency inside ppg paints arena. according to the police report, the keys to the ems vehicle were left inside the vehicle. witnesses reported a man, later identified as 24-year old matthew king of smithton, pa, was observed entering the vehicle and driving away from the location. using the gps tracking technology, officers quickly located the ems vehicle in forest hills where it stopped on the 2100 block of ardmore boulevard after king collided with an suv. the impact sent the suv and its two occupants crashing into a nearby building. both people were transported to the hospital where they remain in stable condition. subsequently, king was taken into custody at approximately 12:10 a.m. king faces charges of theft, receiving stolen property, recklessly endangering another person, dui, and criminal mischief. the investigation continues and no further information is available at this time. ### 12/3/2018 15:25:27 body found in auto repair shop for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 9:18 a.m. on tuesday, march 13, 2018, zone 3 officers responded to the 2500 block of library road in overbrook for a report of a man pinned under a car at an auto repair shop. the body was reportedly discovered by an employee. upon arrival, officers observed a deceased male with a vehicle resting on top of him.  according to the initial report, the unidentified male was apparently working under the car when the mechanical support jack collapsed. it has been determined that the male was not an employee of the business. the investigation continues. if anyone has any information regarding this incident, please give homicide detectives a call at 412-323-7800. ### 13/3/2018 12:47:37 search for bank robbery suspect for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police detectives are asking for assistance in identifying a bank robbery suspect. on monday, march 12, 2018 at approximately 3:42 p.m., zone 2 police officers and robbery detectives responded to the 500 block of smithfield street for a robbery at northwest bank. a bank employee reported that an unidentified male entered the bank, walked up to the teller window and handed over a note. the note demanded money and indicated the actor had a gun. no firearm was seen at the time. the actor exited the bank with an undisclosed about of cash. the actor is described as a male, 5'5" tall, 30 to 40 years of age, wearing dark colored sunglasses, dark colored winter hat, no gloves and a two-toned zippered gray jacket.  if anyone recognizes this man, please give pittsburgh detectives a call at 412-323-7161. ### 13/3/2018 13:34:43 search for bank robbery suspect for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - at approximately 4:47 p.m. on wednesday, march 14, 2018, zone 4 were dispatched to the pnc bank ,n the 5600 block of a walnut street in shadyside for a report of a robbery. an unidentified male reportedly entered the bank and passed a note to the teller demanding money.  no weapon was seen. after a delay, the actor fled the bank in an unknown direction. if you recognize this man, please contact robbery detectives at 412-323-7800. ### 14/3/2018 22:44:05 elliott swat incident f or immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on tuesday, march 13, 2018 at approximately 11:24 p.m. zone 3 officers responded to a call for a violent domestic situation in the 1000 block of herschel street in the elliott neighborhood. there was a reported altercation between a married male and a female.  the female was able to safely leave the house. the male barricaded himself inside the home and reportedly had multiple weapons and a large amount of ammunition at his disposal. no children were involved in the incident. city of pittsburgh swat teams were called to the scene to assist and negotiate with the actor. allegheny county swat teams, allegheny county homicide detectives, and the state police were also on scene assisting. at approximately, 1:22 a.m., wednesday, march 14, 2018, the actor fired a weapon at police and there was an exchange of gunfire. negotiators continued to make contact with the actor. after making entry inside the house, at approximately, 7:19 a.m., the actor was found deceased inside the home. this incident remains under investigation. no further information is available. ### 14/3/2018 11:20:50 update: search for missing man for immediate release update (march 15, 2018): 48-year-old chris green has been located. he is safe and unharmed. missing persons detectives want to thank the public for their help in locating mr. green. ###### pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh missing persons detectives need your help in locating a missing man from the west end section of the city. 48-year-old chris green was last seen in beechview by family members on february 28, 2018. mr. green is described as 5'10" tall and 150 pounds. if anyone has any information on the whereabouts of mr. green, please call pittsburgh missing persons at 412-323-7800. ### 14/3/2018 22:18:41 search for uptown package theft suspect for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – zone 2 detectives need your help in identifying a suspect wanted in connection with a package theft in the uptown neighborhood. on february 22, 2018, a resident in the 1900 block of fifth avenue reported a package was stolen from his front porch at approximately 3:15 p.m.. the event was captured on video and the suspect remains at large. if you recognize this man or have information on his whereabouts, please give zone 2 detectives a call at 412-255-2827. #### 15/3/2018 13:07:16 arrest made in bank robberies for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police detectives have made an arrest in connection with two recent bank robberies. on thursday, march 15, 2018, at approximately 4:25 p.m., detectives arrested 49-year-old timothy sowinski without incident at the intersection of  middle street and emlin street on the north side. sowinski is currently in the allegheny county jail facing robbery charges for the robbery of northwest bank on smithfield street in downtown and the pnc bank on walnut street in shadyside. background: the robbery at northwest bank in downtown police occurred monday, march 12, 2018 at 3:42 p.m. the actor reportedly walked in the bank, handed the teller a note demanding money, and fled with an undisclosed amount of cash. no weapon was seen during the incident. the robbery at the pnc bank in shadyside occurred wednesday, march 14, 2018 at approximately 4:55 p.m. during the pnc robbery, the actor handed the teller a note and demanded money but after a delay in the teller's response, the actor fled the bank. no money was exchanged and no weapon was seen. timothy sowinski ### 16/3/2018 15:16:55 bobcat captured on the south shore for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on sunday, march 18, 2018, pittsburgh animal care and control officers were called to the gateway clipper fleet on the south shore shortly after 10:00 a.m. for an animal on a passenger boat. a gateway clipper crew was reportedly inspecting the empress vessel prior to boarding when they saw an animal, later determined to be a bobcat, running on the deck. two animal care and control officers were able to safely capture the bobcat on the upper deck of the boat. it remains unknown as to where the bobcat came from and how it ended up on the boat. this is the first known report of a bobcat actually being captured within the city. the uninjured bobcat was taken to the animal rescue wildlife center in verona. 18/3/2018 17:21:16 update: arrest in downtown bank robbery for immediate release update : pittsburgh, pa - 55-year-old jonathan owens el, from the hill district, has been arrested and charged in the robbery of key bank at 300 sixth avenue building in downtown. el was taken into custody at aproximately 4:11 p.m. and is now charged with one count of robbery and one count of receiving stolen property. according to the report, the actor entered the bank, passed a note to the teller, and fled with an undisclosed amount of money. no weapon was seen and no injuries were reported. jonathan owens el was apprehended in downtown a short time later. he is currently in the allegheny county jail. a photo of jonathan owens el is not available at this time. ### pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 3:52 p.m., on monday, march 19, 2018, police officers and detectives were dispatched to a reported robbery at the key bank inside the 300 sixth avenue building at the intersection of wood street and oliver avenue in downtown pittsburgh. according to initial reports, the actor entered the bank, demanded money, and fled with an undisclosed amount of cash. no injuries were reported. a short time later, a person was taken into custody in connection with the robbery. no further information is available at this time. ### 19/3/2018 20:08:08 east hills fatal accident for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on monday, march 19, 2018 at approximately 12:41 a.m., zone 5 officers on patrol observed a fatal single vehicle accident at the intersection of frankstown avenue at n. wheeler street in east hills. the vehicle reportedly struck a utility pole while travelling outbound on frankstown avenue. the passenger was pronounced deceased at the scene. the driver was injured and transported to the hospital in stable condition. the cause of the accident remains under investigation. ### 19/3/2018 03:32:57 update: arrest in south side slopes homicide for immediate release update: 3/23/2018  11:00 p.m. homicide suspect, amasa lamont camp, is now in the custody of pittsburgh police. camp faces homicde and firearms charges in connection with the death of shawn brandon. ### pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh homicide detectives are searching for 21-year-old amasa lamont camp in connection with the shooting death of 22-year-old shawn brandon. mr. brandon was shot on monday, march 19, 2018, along marengo street and esop way in the south side slopes neighborhood. brandon was transported to the hospital where he later died. as the homicide investigation continues, police are asking for your help in locating suspect, amasa lamont camp. if you have any information on the whereabouts of amasa camp, please give police a call at 412-323-7800. amasa lamont camp ### pittsburgh, pa – at approximately 5:24 p.m. on monday, march 19, 2018, zone 3 officers and homicide detectives were dispatched to the intersection of marengo street and eccles street for a reported shooting. upon arrival, they observed a male on esop way, suffering from a gunshot wound. the male victim was transported to a hospital where he was later pronounced deceased. there is no further information to release at this time. an investigation is underway. if anyone has information about this fatal shooting, please give police a call at 412-323-7800. ### 19/3/2018 19:41:41 arrest in south oakland homicide for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – two people have been arrested and charged in the death of hasan ishmael abdul-rabb who was found deceased in the 3200 block of ward street in south oakland on monday, march 26, 2018. abdul-rabb was found lying in the street with a gunshot wound at approximately 5:21 p.m. yesterday. investigators with the violent crime unit have identified the actors as 21- year-old velmon dowling and 22-year-old shayne andrew craighead, both of pittsburgh. dowling and craighead are now charged with criminal homicide and currently housed in the allegheny county jail. shayne craighead velmon dowling ### 27/3/2018 13:48:10 arrest: convenience store armed robbery for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – robbery detectives with the pittsburgh police violent crime unit have arrested a suspect in connection with the armed robbery of a mt. washington convenience store. 25-year-old marese raheem shields of mt. washington was arrested wednesday, march 28, 2018 at approximately 12:10 p.m.  he is accused of robbing the cogo's on bailey avenue on thursday, march 22, 2018. shields faces several charges to include robbery and aggravated assault. marese shields ### 28/3/2018 19:23:23 update: search for missing teen for immediate release update : march 30, 2018 pittsburgh, pa - 15-year-old jordyn robinson has returned home. she is safe and back at home with her family. ### pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police detectives are asking for assistance in locating a missing 15-year-old girl. jordyn robinson was last seen leaving her north side home on the morning of february 22, 2018. jordyn robinson is 5'3" tall and weighs 130 pounds. if you have any information on the whereabouts of jordyn robinson, give missing persons detectives a call at 412-323-7800. jordyn robinson ### 15/3/2018 23:23:24 major drug bust and arrest in fineview for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – three people are jailed on drug and weapons charges following an investigation conducted by pittsburgh bureau of police narcotics & vice detectives. on march 30, 2018 at approximately 7:38 p.m., detectives executed a search warrant at 124 fountain street in the fineview neighborhood. detectives recovered:  three  (3) firearms - a 9mm handgun and two .40 caliber handguns; two (2) kilos of cocaine; fifty (50) bricks of heroin; eighteen (18) grams of raw heroin; one (1) ounce of loose cocaine; forty-three (43) grams of fentanyl; (10) ounces of marijuana; (2) ounces of crack cocaine; hundreds of unused stamp bags of heroin, digital scales; hundreds of rounds of ammunition; and approximately $18,000 in cash. the seized narcotics has an estimated street value of $100,000. pittsburgh bureau of police wants to extend thanks and appreciation to the community for its cooperation in this investigation. arrested: 27-year-old parish thornhill of fountain street was arrested and faces multiple drugs and firearms charges . 26-year-old, eric williams of fountain street was arrested and faces multiple drugs, resisting arrest, and escape charges. [no photo available] 36-year-old daynelle snead of penn hills was arrested and in the allegheny county jail facing multiple drug charges. ### 31/3/2018 15:25:46 test test 4/4/2018 13:13:47 update: allentown drug arrests for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – on tuesday, april 3, 2018 at approximately 6:30 p.m. , pittsburgh police narcotics unit detectives arrested 11 adults and two juveniles following a drug investigation in the allentown neighborhood. the investigation began as the result of a citizen complaint. the detectives obtained a search warrant for 619 climax street. pittsburgh police swat team members were called in to assist and detain all occupants inside the house. during the search, detectives recovered crack cocaine, heroin, and marijuana with a street value of $4,000.00. in addition,  4 firearms, money, and drug paraphernalia were also recovered from the residence. all of the individuals arrested are charged with drug and firearms violations. malik martinez                                   edwin quinones          rae kwon johnson orna calloway                julyan richards           jordan dennis              marvin dennis kevin taylor                  tyonna harris kenneth gaines                jose rivera ### 4/4/2018 16:54:37 arrests in convenience store robbery for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh police detectives have arrested two people in connection with the robbery of the circle k convenience store located in the 2900 block of brighton road on march 27, 2018. robbery detectives arrested 49-year-old andrew bickus, of pittsburgh, on tuesday, april 3, 2018. bickus is charged with robbery, criminal conspiracy, and receiving stolen property. 52-year-old steven goldstein from the marshall-shadeland neighborhood was arrested on wednesday, april 4, 2018. goldstein is also charged with robbery, criminal conspiracy, and receiving stolen property. andrew bickus steven goldstein ### 5/4/2018 14:19:53 missing woman pittsburgh, pa: (april 7, 2018) pittsburgh police detectives are trying to locate a missing west end woman. kim moscatiello, 59, was last seen wednesday evening, april 4, at a home in the 1200 block of lakewood drive (15220). anyone with information on her whereabouts is asked to call missing persons at (412) 323-7141. 7/4/2018 21:24:22 shooting victim crashes vehicle pittsburgh, pa (april 9, 2018) -- a motorist with a gunshot wound crashed on sb 65 and was hospitalized in critical condition monday night. the motorist was driving in the southbound lanes of ohio river boulevard (sb 65) around 7:21 p.m. when a witness saw his vehicle swerve and crash into the center barrier, about a quarter-mile before the west end bridge exit. responding officers discovered the man had been shot. paramedics took him to allegheny general hospital, where he was listed in critical condition. police officials temporarily closed the southbound lanes. anyone who witnessed the crash or shooting is asked to call pittsburgh police at (412) 323-7800. 9/4/2018 20:41:26 police in west end uncover animal abuse pittsburgh, pa (april 10, 2018) -- pittsburgh police on tuesday, april 10 charged a west end man for severely neglecting 56 animals, all of which died from lack of food and water. zone 6 officers responded to a neighbor’s complaint about the animals on monday, april 9. they found 33 dead chickens, 18 dead ducks and 5 dead rabbits in bags and cages outside the home on the 1200 block of arnold street. dennis safranko, 52, faces 112 felony counts, two for each animal: one count per animal for torture, and one count per animal for causing death through prolonged deprivation of food and or water. officers tracy schweitzer and christine luffey urge anyone who takes more animals than they can handle to seek help from animal shelters, animal control or the police. the investigation is ongoing. 10/4/2018 18:01:11 graffiti vandals target penn avenue pittsburgh, pa (april 10, 2018) -- pittsburgh police are seeking the public's help in identifying two vandals who targeted a penn avenue business. on march 12, a business owner on the 5100 block of penn avenue caught two males leaving a graffiti tag that spells "stre." the business owner approached the men and took the following photos: the suspects left the scene when the business owner took the photos. the images show one man in a hooded camouflage rain jacket and gold-rimmed sunglasses. the second man is wearing black track pants and a black hoodie with an orange knit cap under his hood. anyone with information on the suspects is asked to call the pittsburgh police graffiti squad at 412-495-6052. 10/4/2018 15:03:23 police: beware counterfeit playoff tickets pittsburgh, pa (april 10, 2018) -- as the pittsburgh penguins begin the quest for a third straight stanley cup, police have a warning: beware counterfeit tickets. “patrons who wish to purchase tickets off craigslist and on the street outside the adjacent area of ppg arena need to be cognizant,” detective matthew malloy said. “i advise all parties who purchase tickets to at least identify their salesperson through a valid photo identification.” licensed scalpers with a vendor’s license from the city of pittsburgh are allowed to sell tickets in designated areas outside the arena, but they should have their license with them. pittsburgh police advises all fans seeking tickets to go through the penguins or a reputable website such as stubhub.com or seatgeek.com. the pens begin their first-round playoff series wednesday against the philadelphia flyers at ppg paints arena. 10/4/2018 21:35:10 search for identity theft suspect for immediate release pittsburgh, pa –  pittsburgh police zone 6 detectives are trying to identify the female suspect in the attached photos.  she was reportedly able to steal the identity of a female victim and go into a local mt. lebanon bank branch and withdraw all of the money from the victim’s account.  this incident occurred on saturday, april 7, 2018.  if you have any information of the identity of this female, contact pittsburgh police zone 6 detectives at 412-937-3095. ### 12/4/2018 15:20:37 update: missing juvenile located update (april13, 2018): anthony sewell jr. has been located. pittsburgh police missing persons detectives confirm that he is now safe and unharmed. ### pittsburgh, pa (april 12, 2018)—pittsburgh police are seeking a missing north side teen. anthony sewell jr., 15, of brighton heights was last seen wearing a black sweatshirt, black jeans, and red shoes. anyone with information on sewell’s whereabouts is asked to call pittsburgh police's missing persons detectives at (412) 323-7141. 12/4/2018 22:23:05 teen shot in leg (pittsburgh, pa) april 18, 2018 -- a 14-year-old male was shot in the leg wednesday night in homewood. the teen was walking outside a home on the 7900 block of susquehanna street in homewood when an unknown assailant shot him around 8:50 p.m. he was taken to a local hospital and was listed in stable condition. police made no arrests and had no suspects. the investigation continues. 18/4/2018 22:58:14 statement from public safety director wendell hissrich (pittsburgh, pa) april 18, 2018 -- statement from pittsburgh public safety director wendell hissrich: “the pittsburgh bureau of police receives information daily that we evaluate and prepare for if the event should occur.  events can include anything from extreme weather to potential demonstrations. “often the events we prepare for do not occur. however, through an abundance of caution, we attempt to adequately prepare for an appropriate response. “we receive information regularly about potential events and/or threats, assess the credibility of the information and plan for a potential event. in this case, we have not assessed the credibility of the potential for disturbances, and we do not have any knowledge of the president’s decision-making process.” 18/4/2018 15:55:51 search for person of interest in east hills murder case for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (april 19, 2018) - pittsburgh bureau of police homicide detectives are asking for the public’s assistance in the investigation of the april 1, 2018 murder of meliek rashad hemingway.  mr. hemingway was shot and killed easter sunday at approximately 1:30 a.m. on conemaugh street, located in the east hills neighborhood. computer crimes detectives obtained video surveillance footage of the area which captured a person of interest on a bicycle. detectives need your help in  identifying the individual riding the bicycle. if anyone has information about this bicyclist or the death of meliek rashad hemingway, please give homicide detectives a call at 412-323-7800. callers can remain anonymous. to view video surveillance footage:  @pittsburghpolice   ### 19/4/2018 16:33:41 scam alert (pittsburgh, pa) april 19, 2018 – pittsburgh police are issuing a scam alert for duquesne light customers. zone 2 police detectives recently took a report from a penn avenue business owner who said someone claiming to be from duquesne light called and threatened to shut off power immediately unless the customer settled an unpaid balance. the business owner was instructed to purchase a pre-paid credit card, call back and read off the numbers. “but duquesne light will never call and say something like this,” a zone 2 plainclothes detective said. once the victim calls in with the number on the card, the money is gone and cannot be retrieved. this is the first report of this scam, but police are warning the public because such activities often come in waves. “ we never call customers for payment with the threat of same-day termination of services,” a duquesne light spokesperson said. “if you feel you have been targeted by a scam artist, call us at 1-888-393-7100 to verify before making a payment.” duquesne light does not perform shutoffs on weekends, and does not ask customers to purchase any type of pre-paid cards. in the event a scammer come to your door: -- always ask to see employee identification. -- look for a company logo on the person’s uniform and vehicle. -- call the utility company to verify the person’s identification. a legitimate worker won’t mind waiting while you verify their employment information. the utility company will be able to tell you whether the person is an employee and whether they’ve dispatched a service call to your home or neighborhood. -- if you suspect the person is an imposter, please contact local law enforcement. for more tips on how to avoid scams, go to duquesne light’s website:  police said scammers often call from out of state or country from a number that is disguised to appear as if it is a legitimate us number starting in 1-800 or 1-88, or even from duquesne light. anyone who falls prey to this scam should call their local police zone, and report it online with the federal trade commission at ftc.gov, and with the fbi’s internet crime complaint center at www.ic3.gov. 19/4/2018 14:37:11 park rangers celebrate earth day (pittsburgh, pa) april 20, 2018 – city of pittsburgh parks rangers will be at the frick park environmental center tomorrow (april 21, 2018) to celebrate earth day. as part of the celebration, rangers will launch their “fetch the leash program" -- which supports the dog-on-leash initiative throughout city parks -- by handing out free dog leashes. the leashes are sponsored by the allegheny regional asset district. (note: while supplies last, so get there early!) river, the city of pittsburgh’s canine ambassador who spends his days hanging out around mayor bill peduto’s office, models one of the leashes here: the event is free, family-friendly and open to all ages. earth day celebrations kick off at 11:30 a.m. and run until 4 p.m. also, park rangers will lead dog walks at 12 p.m., 1:30 p.m. and 3 p.m. final note: river has a twitter page. follow him @pghdogriver 20/4/2018 14:30:50 update: missing north side teen located for immediate release update ( april 20, 2018) -  17-year old antonio johnson has been located. he is safe and unharmed. ### pittsburgh, pa (april 19, 2018) - pittsburgh police missing persons detectives are searching for an endangered 17-year-old male who may be in need of medical attention. antonio johnson, of the north side, was last seen earlier today outside his school on the 200 block of s. negley avenue in the friendship neighborhood. according to witnesses, he was walking toward bloomfield. antonio is described as 5'10" tall, weighing approximately 200 pounds, with brown eyes, and black hair. if anyone has information on the whereabouts of antonio johnson, please call pittsburgh missing persons at 412-323-7800. ### 19/4/2018 22:32:21 14-year-old teenager shot in knoxville for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (april 21, 2018) - pittsburgh bureau of police detectives are investigating the shooting of a knoxville teenager. on saturday, april 21, 2018 at approximately 12:54 a.m., zone 3 officers were dispatched to a home in the 200 block of rochelle street for a juvenile with a gunshot wound. upon arrival, officers observed a 14-year old male with a superficial  bullet wound on his ear. according to the police report, the teenager was sleeping on a living room couch when multiple shots were fired through the front window of the house. the victim was grazed by a bullet. he was transported to the hospital in stable condition. several other people were inside the home at the time of the incident but were uninjured. the investigation continues into this shooting.  if anyone has information regarding this incident, please give pittsburgh police detectives a call at 412-323-7800. ### 21/4/2018 08:18:21 update: arrest and search for suspect in violent kidnapping and rape case for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (april 21, 2018) - kidnapping and rape suspect, jervan paolucci, has been arrested. pittsburgh sex assault and narcotics detectives were able to locate paolucci on the city's north shore on friday, april 20, 2018 at approximately 10:00 p.m. paolucci was taken into custody without incident. he is in the allegheny county jail facing multiple charges including kidnapping, rape, sexual assault, terroristic threats, and firearms violations. ### for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (april 19, 2018) – pittsburgh bureau of police sex assault detectives arrested a north homewood woman and are searching for a male suspect in connection with a violent kidnapping and rape. on april 19, 2018, detectives arrested tyisha ramsey, 29, of north homewood for her role in a kidnapping, sex assault, and rape involving a male and a female. according to the police report, the acts occurred between thursday, march 29, 2018 and saturday, march 31, 2018. ramsey and a male suspect, jeravan anthony paolucci, 35, of ambridge, held the couple against their will inside ramsey's home. ramsey and paolucci reportedly threatened and held the couple at gunpoint. the victims were subjected to physical and sexual assaults. according to the investigation, some of these events unfolded as children were inside the home. paolucci,  suspected of raping the female victim,  remains at large. he is known to frequent pittsburgh’s north side, east side, ambridge and freedom. paolucci and ramsey face several charges including kidnapping, rape, sex assault, simple assault, terroristic threats, firearm violations, and endangering the welfare of children. if anyone has any information on the whereabouts of jeravan paolucci, call pittsburgh police sex crimes at 412-323-7141. ### 19/4/2018 22:44:49 american red cross to install smoke alarms in homewood (pittsburgh, pa.) april 22, 2018 – the american red cross will visit homewood saturday, april 28 to install free smoke alarms, replace batteries in existing alarms, and provide fire prevention and safety education. the installation event is part of the american red cross’s sound the alarm program, through which 1 million smoke alarms have been installed in at-risk neighborhoods. for more information on the campaign, go to redcross.org/wpahomefire. “every day, seven people die in home fires, most in homes that lack working smoke alarms,” the american red cross says on the website. “sadly, children and the elderly disproportionately lose their lives. the american red cross wants to improve the odds and save lives, that’s why we launched our home fire campaign in 2014.” in addition to homewood, the american red cross will visit uniontown, clearfield borough and aliquippa on april 28, and erie on may 5. 22/4/2018 15:25:03 update: suspect alert: police looking for man who hit officer with vehicle update: (pittsburgh, pa) april 23, 2018 -- pittsburgh police on monday arrested a man suspected of hitting an officer with his vehicle at the market district giant eagle in shadyside on april 20. willard hopkins, 63, of carnegie will be charged with aggravated assault by vehicle, fleeing or attempting to elude, reckless driving, escape, accident involving death or personal injury, and retail theft. police detained hopkins around 11 a.m. without incident at his carnegie residence. he was interviewed at police headquarters and cooperated with investigators. hopkins was transported to allegheny county jail. a booking photo will not be available until tomorrow. original release: (pittsburgh, pa) april 21, 2018 -- pittsburgh police are seeking a suspect who struck and injured an officer at the market district giant eagle in shadyside on april 20. the officer was working a security detail at the store when a cashier alerted him to a male shoplifter. the officer confronted the suspect as the suspect was getting into a vehicle to leave the store. the suspect began to drive away and struck the officer with an open door, throwing the officer to the ground. the suspect then sped out of the parking lot and nearly hit the officer and a pedestrian. video of the incident:  images of the suspect: commander victor joseph said the officer, detective jack klaczak, is "a highly decorated, 30-year veteran of the pittsburgh bureau of police. jack has some abrasions, bumps and bruises and is scheduled for follow up testing." commander joseph added: "yesterday afternoon at 3:49 p.m., detective jack klaczak was working secondary employment at centre avenue giant eagle. detective klaczak, who was in full uniform, attempted to make contact with a male who had stolen items from the store. the male entered his vehicle with the driver’s door still open. as detective klaczak stood at the doorway attempting to speak to the male, the male put his vehicle in reverse and accelerated backward at a high rate of speed knocking detective klaczak to the ground. the male then put his vehicle in drive and accelerated forward, narrowly missing detective klaczak and another pedestrian as he fled the giant eagle parking lot. "i would like to thank the community members who immediately came to the aide of detective klaczak to see if he was alright, and the citizens who witnessed the incident and provided descriptions of what they observed to the responding officers. "this is just another reminder of the dangers that the men and women of law enforcement face every day. something as simple as a shoplifting investigation has the potential to put our officers in harm’s way." anyone with information on the suspect and his whereabouts, or the vehicle (a maroon suv) to call pittsburgh police headquarters at 412-323-7800. callers can remain anonymous. the investigation continues. the suspect potentially faces charges of retail theft, aggravated assult and fleeing and eluding. 21/4/2018 14:30:28 update: gunshot victims seek help at hospital update: (pittsburgh, pa.) april 23, 2018 – a pregnant woman who was shot sunday gave birth to her baby at a local hospital and the baby appears to be doing well. the mother remains in critical condition, but her injuries do not appear life-threatening. the mother and another woman arrived at a local hospital around 6:45 p.m. on sunday. they arrived in a private vehicle; the driver left before police could interview him or her. the second woman was in stable condition. shortly before the victims arrived at the hospital, shotspotter detected gunfire on the 7100 block of kelly street in homewood. (note: initial reports suggested the location as 6900 block of kelly street.) police found casings at the scene. at this point, no arrests have been made and there are no suspects. the investigation continues. original post: (pittsburgh, pa.) april 22, 2018 – two women went to a local hospital with gunshot wounds sunday around 6:45 p.m. once of the women, who is pregnant, is in critical condition. the second woman is in stable condition. it is not clear at this time where the shooting occurred. however, shotspotter detected gunfire on the 6900 block of kelly street in homewood shortly before the women arrived at the hospital. police found casings at the scene. police are investigating. when more information is avauilable, this press release will be updated. 22/4/2018 19:34:47 join pittsburgh police for cops and kids camp (pittsburgh, pa.) april 23 2018 -- every summer for more than a decade, the pittsburgh bureau of police hosts children ages 8 to 12 at the annual cops and kids summer camp -- and time is running out to sign up! the week-long camps, which are held at allegheny county community college, duquesne university, university of pittsburgh, and chatham university, are designed to give kids hands-on interactions with police specialty units and other city and county public safety departments, including medic and fire departments, and the 911 mobile training unit. campers have an opportunity to explore up close and study our swat vehicle, robotic performance, and participate in a mock crime scene. "with the right opportunities, summer can be a time of great opportunity and growth for city youth,” mayor bill peduto said. “that's why i love the cops and kids camp. it matches police who want to give back to the community with young people who are hungry to learn about a life in public service." master police officer mildred jenkins works at the camps and said the program “highlights issues that, unfortunately, plague our communities with discussions regarding bullying, illegal drugs, violent gangs, and firearm safety. we also place an emphasis on understanding the importance of being a good citizen and the significance of obtaining an education.’ fifty city youths are invited to attend each session. session 1: july 9-13 at duquesne university. session 2: july 23-27 at the university of pittsburgh. session 3: july 30- august 3 at ccac/northside campus. session 4: august 6-10 at chatham university. each daily session runs from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. two meals, snacks, uniforms and transportation to and from the campsite is provided. the pittsburgh pirates and pittsburgh riverhounds also participate in the camps. to sign up, pick up a brochure at police headquarters at 1203 western avenue, pittsburgh, pa. 15233, complete the registration form and return it in person or by fax at 412 -323-7830. you will be notified by telephone and/or mail if your application is accepted. applications are accepted on a first come first serve basis. campers are only permitted to attend one session. applicants must be city of pittsburgh residents. out-of-city youth may also apply, but will be placed on a waiting list. if the camp does not reach maximum capacity the applicant will be notified, however parents must provide their own transportation. for more information, call 412- 323-7821 or 412-295-4890, send an email to pbp_youthprograms@pittsburghpa.gov , or go online to  23/4/2018 13:27:47 alert: saturday is national prescription drug take back day (pittsburgh, pa) april 24, 2018 – pittsburghers can do their part in fighting the opioid crisis this weekend by turning in expired, unused, and unwanted prescription drugs for safe disposal. all six pittsburgh police zones, police headquarters and philips rec center in carrick will be designated drop-off sites on saturday, april 28 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. as part of the drug enforcement administration’s 15th national prescription drug take back day. “opioid addiction starts at home,” said pittsburgh police sgt. rebecca bassano. “pills lead to heroin, but hopefully this curtails it a bit. the more we get out of your home, the better off we are.” the dea holds two drug take back events a year. more than 4,200 law enforcement partners participated in the previous event in october, and collected a record 912,305 pounds -- or 456 tons -- of unused or unwanted drugs. in pittsburgh, police collected 391 pounds of drugs. across the commonwealth, 211 agencies collected 36,909 pounds of drugs. since the fall of 2010, the dea and local police have collected and destroyed -- and therefore kept out of the hands of current or would-be addicts -- over 9 million pounds of unused prescription drugs. for those who cannot participate this weekend, permanent drop-off boxes are located at pittsburgh police headquarters and zone 6. “don’t hold on to them,” bassano said. “there’s always an opportunity to get rid of these drugs.” the national prescription drug take back day aims to provide a safe, convenient, and responsible means of disposing prescription drugs, while educating the public about the potential for medication-abuse. according to the dea: rates of prescription drug abuse in the u.s. are alarmingly high, as are the number of accidental poisonings and overdoses. studies show that a majority of abused prescription drugs are obtained from family and friends, including from the home medicine cabinet. for more information, go to: www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/drug_disposal/takeback/ drop off addresses: zone 1: 1501 brighton rd, 15212 zone 2: 2002 centre ave, 15219 zone 3: 830 e warrington ave, 15210 zone 4: 5858 northcumberland st, 15217 zone 5: 1410 washington blvd, 15206 zone 6: 312 south main st, 15220 police headquarters: 1203 western ave, 15233 philips rec center in carrick: 201 parkfield st, 15210 24/4/2018 15:52:04 firefighters battle blaze in crawford-roberts neighborhood (pittsburgh, pa.) april 24, 2018 – city of pittsburgh firefighters responded to a three-alarm fire early tuesday morning in the crawford-roberts neighborhood. no one was injured in the fire at an old church on the corner of miller and coldwell streets (85 miller street). the cause of the fire is under investigation. “what helped us a lot was that the fire was so heavily involved that the roof on the main sanctuary collapsed which actually was a good thing, it gave us good access to put water on the fire,” deputy chief michael mullen said. (photos by pittsburgh public safety department) firefighters responded before 3 a.m. by 3:20 a.m. the fire had gone to three alarms. the fire was under control by 4 a.m., but firefighters continued pumping water into the bell tower and other areas. when firefighters arrived on scene, the structure was fully involved and large embers floated into surrounding areas. pittsburgh police officers were put on ember patrol to make sure the embers did not cause additional fires. no other fires were reported. 24/4/2018 06:39:02 arrests: police recover guns, heroin, drug packaging materials (pittsburgh, pa.) april 24, 2018 – pittsburgh police zone 4 detectives on their dinner break in oakland arrested five men on monday (april 23) after they witnessed a drug deal in a car outside the restaurant. the detectives witnessed jacob martin, 24, of highland park hand off what appeared to be a package of drugs to jesse groves, 24, of bloomfield, who was in a black volvo sedan. the detectives detained groves and martin around 7:40 p.m., then found a gun, brass knuckles and marijuana in groves’ backpack. groves does not have a license to carry a firearm. detectives learned that martin lives in an apartment in the 5700 block of bryant street in highland park. they notified zone 5 officers, went to the apartment together and found michael peterson, 25, of larimer, noah wilkerson, 24, of morningside, and miquann morgan-graham, 20 of homewood. a search warrant was obtained and detectives recovered two guns, more than 40 bricks of heroin (or, around 2,000 stamp bags), drug packaging materials and marijuana. during the investigation, police also recovered $6,000 in cash. all five men were arrested and charged with multiple drug and weapons charges. this is the 4th time that morgan-graham has been arrested by pittsburgh police officers in the past year. in june, 2017 he was charged with firearm and drug offenses. in september, 2017 he was charged with drug offenses and resisting arrest. two weeks ago, he was charged with firearm and drug offenses. miquann morgan-graham, 20 of homewood jacob martin, 24, of highland park jesse groves, 24, of bloomfield michael peterson, 25, of larimer noah wilkerson, 24, of morningside 24/4/2018 17:40:33 mt. washington motorcycle vs vehicle accident for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (april 26, 2018) - around 8:36 p.m. zone 3 officers were dispatched to the 400 block of woodruff street for an accident involving a motorcycle and a vehicle. according to the initial police report, the operator of the motorcycle was heading northbound on woodruff street when he apparently crossed into oncoming traffic and collided with a car.  the motorcycle driver was thrown from the bike onto the road. the motorcyclist suffered numerous injuries and was transported to upmc mercy hospital in critical condition. one person inside the vehicle was evaluated and treated by medics on the scene for minor injuries. the investigation continues. ### 26/4/2018 22:49:03 update: brookline teen located for immediate release update: pittsburgh, pa (april 26, 2018)  - 13-year-old brayden carrington has been located and back with his family tonight. he was reported safe and unharmed. ### pittsburgh, pa (april 26, 2018) - pittsburgh police detectives are trying to locate a missing 13-year-old male from brookline. brayden carrington was reported missing by a family member on april 18, 2018. he was spotted recently in brentwood and baldwin. he is described as 5'6" tall and weighs 165 pounds.  brayden was last seen wearing a black t-shirt with white lettering and black pants. anyone with information on the whereabouts of brayden carrington is asked to call pittsburgh missing persons at 412-323-7141. ### 26/4/2018 12:25:01 wrong-way drivers creating dangerous conditions (pittsburgh, pa) april 26, 2018 – pittsburgh police are targeting a roadway that connects squirrel hill and the east end because drivers are repeatedly ignoring “do not enter” signs and driving the wrong way down a one-way road. forward avenue, which turns into commercial street in swisshelm park, is down to one lane because of a landslide originating near the parking lot of walnut towers. eastbound traffic from squirrel hill is not permitted, only westbound traffic. barriers and signs at forward avenue and summerset drive in squirrel hill clearly show that drivers heading east are not permitted. yet, many people are ignoring the signs and barriers, driving the wrong way down a one-way road and creating dangerous driving conditions. (photo: department of public safety) zone 4 officers targeted the area on wednesday for violators and issued numerous citations. police will continue to patrol the roadway. crews are hoping to reopen the road in both directions in two months. until both lanes are reopened, drivers are asked to drive around frick park by taking forbes avenue to south braddock avenue. 26/4/2018 14:57:22 childcare to firefighters: thank you! (pittsburgh, pa) april 26, 2018 -- pittsburgh firefighters turned a scary situation into an unforgettable thrill for preschoolers thursday morning at a lawrenceville daycare center. officials at cya childcare center, in the stephen foster community center, smelled gas on the first floor after kids began arriving this morning. they called 911 and immediately evacuated the building. firefighters from pittsburgh fire burea station 6 on penn avenue quickly responded. they discovered that the center's stove pilot light was out, relit it and assured staff that the children could return to their classrooms. first, however, the firefighters drove the fire engine into the daycare parking lot. (photos: cya childcare) “our kiddos were on the playgrounds and your men came and interacted with them,” cya childcare director tracy o’connell said in a thank-you email to chief darryl jones. “they put their gear on, showed them the truck, talked about fire safety and even let them squirt their hoses at their parents’ cars in the parking lot. i heard nothing but positive praise from my teachers who were working and the parents who were still dropping off. we are so thankful.” cya childcare sent pizza to the fire station as a thank you, “but they deserve recognition as well,” o'connell said. “we are so grateful to have house #6 right up the street from us," she said. 26/4/2018 15:25:21 investigation underway into south side shooting for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (april 27, 2018) - pittsburgh bureau of police detectives are investigating a shooting that occurred in the south side flats neighborhood on thursday, april 26, 2018. at approximately 11:02 p.m., zone 3 officers responded to a report of a person shot at a house in the 100 block of s. 22nd street. police officers entered the house and observed a male with a gunshot wound lying on the first floor of the home. the victim was transported to the hospital in critical but stable condition. at this time there are no arrests. this is an ongoing investigation. anyone with information about this shooting is asked to give detectives a call at 412-323-7800. ### 27/4/2018 10:47:56 three alarm row house fire in wilkinsburg for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (april 27, 2018) - on friday, april 27, 2018 at approximately 12:11 p.m., pittsburgh firefighters responded to a three-alarm fire in 1700 block of paul court in wilkinsburg. upon arrival, firefighters began battling a fast moving fire inside a 12-unit rowhouse. flames were shooting through the roof and smoke could be seen from as far away as the parkway east. all residents were safely evacuated. around 12:31 p.m., the roof of the structure began to collapse. firefighters were evacuated from inside the building to battle the blaze from the roof and the exterior. no other structures were at risk. once all residents were accounted for, the scene was declared under control at 1:37 p.m. the allegheny county fire marshall is investigating the cause of the fire. the american red cross was called to the scene to assist displaced residents. the salvation army was on hand providing assistance to firefighters and emergency responders. in addition, the eastern area ems was on the scene to provide emergency medical treatment. no injuries were reported. ### 27/4/2018 17:01:23 fatal crash on west carson street (pittsburgh, pa.) april 30, 2018 -- a male driver was involved in a fatal solo vehicle crash monday, april 30 around 1:35 a.m. on west carson street. the driver -- the only occupant in the vehicle -- was driving on west carson street towards the west end circle when he struck a pole and crashed. the vehicle caught fire. the driver was pronounced dead at the scene. all lanes of west carson street were closed between 1600 west carson and the west end circle while police investigated. (note: as of 3:30 a.m., the lanes remained closed.) more information will be released when it becomes available. 30/4/2018 03:31:35 investigation: body discovered by hikers on the west end for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (april 30, 2018) - pittsburgh bureau of police homicide detectives are investigating the discovery of a male body found on a hillside between route 51 and saw mill run creek on the west end. on april 30, 2018 at approximately 5:30 p.m., hikers on a walking trail flagged down an officer and alerted the officer to a body lying face down on the hillside.  rescuers were called in to retrieve the body from the steep incline. during the investigation and rescue efforts, route 51 south was restricted to one lane. all lanes have been reopened. the body of the unidentified male was taken to the allegheny county medical examiner's office for an autopsy. the investigation continues into this undetermined death. ### 30/4/2018 20:37:26 rape suspect arrested in bedford dwellings for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 2, 2018) - zone 2 police officers have made an arrest in connection with the violent rape of a woman in bedford dwellings. on may 2, 2018 at approximately 1:42 a.m., zone 2 police officers responded to a call for help in the 800 block of memory lane. upon arrival, officers observed a rape in progress and approached the scene. the male suspect, later identified as 22-year-old anthony lance, jr., began to run away and did not respond to the officers' verbal commands to stop running. a brief foot chase got underway and officers apprehended the suspect in the 2100 block of white hill drive. anthony lance, jr.  was taken into custody and is now in the allegheny county jail. lance, jr., will be charged with rape, sexual assault, aggravated assault, and robbery. a photograph of the suspect is not available at this time. ### 2/5/2018 15:06:33 update: police collect 610 lbs. of unused/unwanted drugs on take back day (pittsburgh, pa) may 2, 2018 – pittsburghers turned in 610 pounds of expired, unused, and unwanted prescription drugs for safe disposal during national prescription drug take back day on saturday, april 28. the drug enforcement adminstration holds two drug take back events a year as a way of keeping legally-prescribed drugs out of the hands of current or would-be addicts. since the fall of 2010, the dea and local police have collected and destroyed over 9 million pounds of unused prescription drugs. although the event has passed, drugs can be dropped off year-round at police headquarters (1203 western ave, 15233) and zone 6 (312 south main st, 15220). “opioid addiction starts at home,” said pittsburgh police sgt. rebecca bassano. “pills lead to heroin, but hopefully this curtails it a bit. the more we get out of your home, the better off we are.” the national prescription drug take back day aims to provide a safe, convenient, and responsible means of disposing prescription drugs, while educating the public about the potential for medication-abuse. according to the dea: rates of prescription drug abuse in the u.s. are alarmingly high, as are the number of accidental poisonings and overdoses. studies show that a majority of abused prescription drugs are obtained from family and friends, including from the home medicine cabinet. for more information, go to: www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/drug_disposal/takeback/ 2/5/2018 16:01:23 two people shot in the upper hill district for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 2, 2018) - on wednesday, may 2, 2018 at approximately 8:40 p.m., pittsburgh police officers and detectives responded to a call for a double shooting at the intersection of herron avenue and milwaukee street in the upper hill district. upon arrival, officers observed two young adult males suffering from gunshot wounds. according to the preliminary police report, the victims were on the corner when gunshots rang out from a person or persons inside a vehicle. the vehicle sped away. at this time, there is no confirmed description of the vehicle.  the victims were shot multiple times and transported to the hospital in critical condition. the investigation continues. if anyone has information about this shooting, please call police at 412-323-7800. 2/5/2018 22:22:06 road closures coming for marathon weekend (pittsburgh, pa) may 3, 2018 -- the pittsburgh marathon will bring 40,000 runners and an estimated 250,000 spectators to nearly every corner of the city this weekend. to make this event possible, road closures will begin friday, may 4, and in some cases last through the weekend. for detailed road closure information, go to:  this is the 10th anniversary of the pittsburgh marathon’s return following a five-year hiatus. the marathon has grown from 10,500 runners in 2009 to 40,000 this year, making it one of the premier destination road races in the country. putting on a marathon requires great cooperation: over 100 agencies and organizations are part of the team that manages the marathon events. while some residents may experience inconveniences due to road closures and altered public transportation schedules, participants this year alone raised $1.4 million for charities, and the event brings tens of thousands of visitors to city hotels and restaurants every year. road closures will begin downtown on friday, may 4 at 12 p.m. on the boulevard of the allies between wood street and stanwix street. this roadway will remain closed through sunday, may 6. for saturday, may 5 events -- including the 5k race, kids marathon and pet walk -- north shore and downtown road closures will start at 7:15 a.m. and end at 12 p.m. for sunday, may 6 events -- including the marathon, half marathon and marathon relay -- downtown road closures will start at 1:30 a.m. and continue around the city through 2:30 p.m. please note that certain sections of the city will be completely closed off to traffic on race day. residents in those sections who may need to leave during the race should consider parking their car outside the closure areas. 3/5/2018 15:25:22 police run into burning house to save 87-year-old man (pittsburgh, pa.) may 3, 2018 -- pittsburgh police officers on patrol in hazelwood heard shouting near the glenwood bridge and then ran into a burning home to save an 87-year-old man. officers steve mcgouldrick and devon koontz, a police recruit with five weeks of field training, heard the shouting coming from a home on the 5600 block of second avenue around 6:35 p.m. thursday night. as the call for a fire in progress came in, mcgouldrick ran around the rear of the home to gain entry, and koontz went in the front. the home was smoke-filled as the result of fire. koontz found the man who had been shouting: he said he could not find his 87-year-old father. koontz and the son located the elderly man in a front hallway and pulled him outside to safety. the 87-year-old man and officer koontz were treated for smoke inhalation at local hospitals. “they did a fantastic job,” zone 4 sgt. gino perri said. “they had to make a split second decision and everything turned out well as a result.” firefighters put out the one-alarm fire. the cause of the fire is under investigation. 3/5/2018 21:50:17 update: missing person alert update: mr. burton has been located. pittsburgh police thank everyone for their help. original post: (pittsburgh, pa.) may 4, 2018 -- pittsburgh police detectives are seeking the public’s help in locating a missing man. richard burton, 40, of oakland was last seen in the early morning hours of may 4. he is 6'0, 180 lbs. and was last seen wearing a steelers or pens jersey. burton is known to frequent centre avenue, baum boulevard and chief's café on north craig street. anyone with information on his whereabouts is asked to call missing persons detectives at 412-323-7800 4/5/2018 17:10:11 update: body pulled from river (pittsburgh, pa.) may 5, 2018 -- river rescue pulled an unidentified body from the monongahela river around 12:30 p.m. saturday. boaters reported seeing the body near the 10th street bridge. police are investigating. update: body is an african-american male. age and identity unknown. 5/5/2018 15:39:08 firefighters get new pittsburgh-specific ladder trucks (zelienople, pa.) may 8, 2018 -- the pittsburgh bureau of fire will soon have two new ladder trucks in operation, both of which were custom-made to allow firefighters to more easily navigate the city’s narrow and winding roadways. ladder truck #14 will run out of oakland; ladder truck #30 will be stationed in elliott and help cover ingram borough. the #14 truck will go into regular operations in mid-june and the #30 will start in late june. the addition of the ladder trucks means all 11 pbf front line trucks will meet the same unique pittsburgh specifications. the ladder trucks were designed through a collaboration between glick fire equipment company, inc. in zelienople and a committee of pittsburgh fire officials, including one battalion chief, one captain, two lieutenants and one firefighter. they were made by pierce manufacturing inc. of appleton, wisconsin. “they (the committee) wanted a lot of things for these trucks so they can be used on pittsburgh’s roads,” said jim sims of glick fire equipment company, inc. “they use the trucks every day so they know what they need and want.” the ladder trucks are 40 feet, 6.5 inches long, 11 feet, 10 inches high, and 96-inches wide. the standard width for ladder trucks in other cities is 101 inches, but the pittsburgh trucks have several features that make them slimmer, including recessed grab rails and bar lights, and a recessed ac unit. the rear has been elevated and tapered to 88 inches, allowing drivers to more easily avoid obstacles on tight turns. “i’m very pleased,” said pittsburgh bureau of fire assistant chief thomas cook. “they meet our daily service needs, they’re durable and they hold up well in the city environment.” each truck has a 525 horse-power engine, an attached 105-foot ladder and 182 feet of ground ladders. rather than stainless steel, glick used rubber for the fender crowns and rub railings, so that if the truck brushes against an object, the damage is lessened. the trucks cost $890,000 each are funded through the regular budget of the equipment leasing authority (ela). 8/5/2018 15:37:24 non-fatal shooting in knoxville for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 9, 2018) - on wednesday, may 9, 2018 at approximately 12:30 a.m., zone 3 police officers responded to a reported shooting in the 400 block of moore avenue in the knoxville neighborhood. according to the initial police report, a male victim was answering the front door of the house and was shot as he walked onto the porch.  the victim suffered a gunshot wound to the ankle and was transported to the hospital in stable condition. other people were inside the residence at the time of the shooting but were not injured. the investigation continues. if anyone has information, please give police a call at (412) 323-7800. 9/5/2018 03:39:00 search for suspect in credit card theft for immediate release pittsburgh, pa – pittsburgh bureau of police zone 2 detectives are asking for you help in identifying a male suspected of stealing credit cards and cash from a troy hill woman. the suspect reportedly stole the victim's purse from inside a downtown business. the purse contained an undisclosed amount of cash and several credit cards, including a debit card. the actor is believed to have used the victim's debit card several times at various businesses on thenorth side. if you recognize the man in these photos, please give zone 2 detectives a call at 412-255-2827. ### 9/5/2018 17:01:07 larimer fatal shooting for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 9, 2018) - pittsburgh bureau of police homicide detectives are investigating the fatal shooting of a young adult male in larimer. on wednesday, may 9, 2018 at approximately 12:10 a.m., zone 5 police responded to a report of shot fired in the 500 block of lowell street near shetland avenue. upon arrival, officers observed the deceased male lying on the ground between two homes. initial reports indicate the victim was shot where he was discovered. the allegheny county medical examiner's office has been called to the scene to investigate. if anyone has information about the shooting, please give police a call at (412) 323-7800. ### 9/5/2018 02:42:49 body found in the monongahela river for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 10, 2018) - on thursday, may 10, 2018 at approximately 11:14 a.m., pittsburgh river rescue along with police detectives were dispatched to the south side flats for a report of a body found floating in the monongahela river. river rescue crews retrieved the body of an unidentified male from the mon river behind the 3700 block of s. water street. homicide and crime lab detectives combed the riverbank and the trail area collecting information. the body was later taken to the allegheny county medical examiner's office. the identity of the victim has not been determined. the investigation continues. ### 10/5/2018 14:09:22 police seek public's help in shadyside atm theft (pittsburgh, pa.) may 10, 2018 -- pittsburgh police detectives seek the public’s help identifying a man who stole an atm from a shadyside laundromat. the suspect, a middle-aged black male, entered laundry times at 250 south highland ave. at 3:08 a.m. on april 21. the atm was bolted to the ground; the man rocked it back and forth until the bolts came lose, then dragged the entire atm outside. police have not recovered the atm or the cash inside. anyone with information on the suspect’s identity or whereabouts is asked to call zone 4 detectives at 412 422 6520. video of the incident can be viewed here:  10/5/2018 14:44:47 highland park hillside rescue for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 10, 2018) - an unusual ride home for evening rush hour commuters along butler street in highland park today. members from several bureaus within the city of pittsburgh public safety department successfully accomplished a hillside rescue mission. around 3:14 p.m., thursday, may 10, 2018, personnel from  the pittsburgh ems and its rescue division, bureau of fire, and bureau of  police responded to a call for a man who had fallen approximately down a steep hillside near the pittsburgh zoo in highland park. upon arrival, emergency crews located 31-year-old vu tran approximately a half-mile down the lightly wooded hillside. "this is considered to be a low angle rescue," says ems district chief jeffrey meyer. " the rescue mission was interesting. the terrain was complex due to the tight space available and the extrication needed to get mr. tran into a medic unit," meyer added. because of the 45-degree angle of the hillside, ems rescuers along with firefighters from station 8 used ropes and a basket to get personnel safely down the hillside and place mr. tran into a medic unit. that effort was also a challenge due to the small area. an ems suv was able to get down steps and onto the hillside. mr. tran was placed inside and transported to upmc presbyterian hospital for treatment. zone 5 police officers assisted in the rescue while keeping traffic moving and keeping the area safe and secure. how did mr. tran end up on the hillside? according to him, he was simply "trying to take a shortcut home." remarkably, vu tran only suffered very minor injuries to his shoulder. the entire rescue mission took about an hour to complete. ### 10/5/2018 19:01:11 fatal shooting in bedford dwellings for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 10, 2018) - pittsburgh police detectives are investigating a fatal shooting in the bedford dwellings neighborhood. on wednesday, may 9, 2018 at approximately 10:49 p.m., zone 2 police officers were dispatched to the 2500 block of bedford avenue for reports of multiple shots fired in the area. upon arrival, officers observed a deceased male on the sidewalk. the unidentified victim, believed to be in his mid-20's, reportedly suffered a gunshot wound to the head. there are no reports of any other persons caught in the gunfire. several parked cars were struck by bullets. at this time, there are no arrests and the investigation continues. if anyone has information about this fatal shooting, please give police a call at 412-323-7800. ### 10/5/2018 01:15:46 officer injured while saving woman (pittsburgh, pa.) may 12, 2018 – a zone 1 police officer was injured early saturday morning while preventing a woman from jumping off the mckees rocks bridge. officers kevin clark and dave syska responded around 1:45 a.m. to a report of a female straddling the rail of the mckees rocks bridge on the mckees rocks side. when they arrived, they saw the female with one leg over the rail, preparing to jump. officer clark ran to the woman, grabbed her and pulled her to safety. officer syska helped calm her on the sidewalk. pittsburgh ems responded and transported the woman, a coraopolis resident, to a local hospital for evaluation. officer clark rode with ems and was treated for a right hand injury he sustained while saving the woman. the distance from the bridge deck to the land below is approximately 50 to 75 feet. 12/5/2018 08:03:51 four injured, one dead in downtown crash (pittsburgh, pa.) may 12, 2018 -- four people were injured and one man died in a three-vehicle crash saturday evening downtown. the crash occurred around 4:55 p.m. on the 10th street bypass between the roberto clemente and andy warhol bridges. three children were injured. the crash is under investigation. according to eyewitness and preliminary accounts, a dark-colored suv was travelling east on the bypass when it skidded on the pavement, crashed into a concrete barrier and rolled. the suv and a small white vehicle travelling west then collided. bystanders, including an off-duty fireman, performed cpr on the driver of the white vehicle. two port authority police officers were first on scene, and one applied an aed to the driver. police and ems arrived soon after and continued the lifesaving measures. despite their efforts, the driver, a male, was pronounced dead at allegheny general hospital. four people -- a woman and three children, including a baby -- in the dark-colored suv were injured. the mother was transported to upmc mercy in stable condition and the children were taken to children’s hospital of pittsburgh of upmc in stable condition. the driver of a third vehicle, a male, was not injured. the driver’s vehicle had minimal damage. the 10th street bypass was closed until 9 p.m. while investigators processed the scene. names of the victims are not available. 12/5/2018 22:12:55 woman arrested for assault on her elderly mother for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 14, 2018) - a 54-year-old lincoln-lemington woman is in the allegheny county jail charged with assaulting her elderly mother. on sunday, may 13, 2018 at approximately 7:23 a.m., zone 5 police officers were dispatched to the 1300 block of lincoln avenue for a report of a disorderly woman on the street. upon arrival, officers encountered rose mary bynum at her home. inside the home, officers observed a 74-year-old woman with injuries. the injuries appeared to be from a recent assault. the elderly woman was transported to the hospital in critical condition and was later upgraded to stable condition. upon further investigation, officers determined that ms. bynum was her mother's caregiver. ms. bynum was taken to the hospital where she was medically cleared and then transported to the jail. bynum faces several charges to include aggravated assault, criminal attempted homicide, recklessly endangering another person, and neglect of a care-dependent person. ### 14/5/2018 14:26:25 american idol finalist to visit north shore (pittsburgh, pa.) may 15, 2018 -- traffic will be affected this evening on the north shore while munhall’s gabby barrett, a finalist on american idol, visits to celebrate her accomplishments. barrett will throw out the first pitch at pnc park before the pirates play the chicago white sox, and then will perform a music concert at the rivers casino amphitheater at 7 p.m. a fireworks show will follow. american idol will be here to film a short parade when barrett travels from pnc park to the amphitheater. temporary road closures and the expected gathering of barrett's fans will affect traffic on casino drive between 4:30 p.m. and 6 p.m. 15/5/2018 10:32:15 river rescue saves lost gosling (pittsburgh, pa.) may 16, 2018 – the city of pittsburgh's river rescue patrol and police chief scott schubert found and cared for a lost gosling that climbed into a rescue boat on tuesday. paramedic dave naples found the gosling tuesday night around 6:30 p.m. as crews were preparing to patrol the ohio river during an outdoor concert by "american idol" finalist gabby barrett at the rivers casino amphitheater. naples found the gosling, believed to be one- or two- weeks old, covered in debris and shaking in the transom well near the rear motors. due to recent rainfall, the city's rivers are moving quickly and carrying debris, which results in challenging conditions for goslings. the river rescue crew built a makeshift nest for the gosling by laying towels in a plastic bin. the gosling “cleaned itself off and was then full of vim and vigor,” naples said. they named it gabby because “if it weren’t for the concert, we might not have been patrolling and the gosling probably wouldn’t have made it,” chief schubert said. the crew called the pennsylvania game commission, then cared for the gosling overnight. state game warden thomas kline took the gosling to the humane animal rescue wildlife center in verona around  12 p.m. wednesday. kline said anyone who finds a solo gosling should call the game commission at (724) 238-9523. river rescue is a partnership between pittsburgh police and the emergency medical services scuba search and rescue team. river rescue responsibilities include piloting all river rescue vessels, enforcing commonwealth laws, patrolling area rivers and ports, and preventing, responding to and mitigating all waterborne emergencies. 16/5/2018 11:57:55 update: search for missing larimer boy for immediate release update (9:30 a.m.) : dreantae has been located. he was found in the homewood area of the city. he is safe and back at home with his family. ### pittsburgh, pa ( may 16, 2018) - pittsburgh police missing persons detectives are asking for the public's assistance in locating an 11-year-old boy from the larimer neighborhood. dreantae mcclellan was last seen on tuesday, may 15, 2018 at approximately 9:30 a.m. dreantae mcclellan is described as being 5'3" tall, weighs 90 lbs., with brown eyes. he was last seeing wearing a white school uniform shirt, tan pants,  and white/red michael jordan tennis shoes. if anyone has information on the location of dreantae mcclellan, please give missing persons detectives a call at 412-323-7141. ### 16/5/2018 09:04:07 arrest in south side slopes sex assault for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 16, 2018) - on tuesday, may 15, 2018 at approximately 1:35 a.m., pittsburgh police zone 3 officers were dispatched to josephine street,south side slopes, for a reported burglary in progress. upon arrival, officers were notified of a sexual assault inside a home on the 3000 block josephine street. sex assault detectives were called to the scene to investigate. according to the police report, a female victim stated she was sexually assaulted by a male she and her friends met at a bar on the south side. she and her friends left the bar and went to eat before returning home. the victim reportedly was awakened by the actor who was in the process of performing a sexual act on her. she screamed for help, a physical confrontation with the actor ensued, and 9-1-1 was called. based on further investigation, the suspect, later identified as 46-year-old adnan pehlivan of swissvale, reportedly gained entry into the home through a window. at approximately 8:00 p.m. on tuesday, may 15, 2018, pehlivan was arrested without incident and transported to the allegheny county jail. he faces several charges to include, involuntary deviate sexual intercourse, burglary, sexual assault, aggravated indecent assault, and simple assault. ### 16/5/2018 13:48:16 carrick bank robbery for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 16, 2018) - pittsburgh police robbery detectives are investigating a bank robbery in carrick. at approximately 9:10 a.m., police and detectives responded to the pnc bank in the 2100 block of brownsville road. according to the preliminary police report, a male actor entered the bank and demanded money. the teller handed over an undisclosed amount cash and the actor ran out of the bank. no weapon was seen during the robbery. no injuries were reported. the male suspect is described as a black male, approximately 6'2" tall,  wearing a grey hoodie with a white baseball cap, and wearing black/red tennis shoes. pittsburgh police and the federal bureau of investigations (fbi) are actively investigating this case. if anyone has information about this robbery, please give pittsburgh robbery detectives a call at 412-323-7800. note: at this time, there are no photographs for release. #### 16/5/2018 14:22:34 police chief helps age-friendly greater pittsburgh campaign (pittsburgh, pa.) may 17, 2018 – police chief scott schubert volunteered his time thursday morning to help take photos for an age-friendly greater pittsburgh awareness campaign. schubert photographed six senior bus riders at access offices downtown. the photos will be displayed on screens at port authority where drivers will see them during their daily activities. they will include messages for drivers reminding them of senior riders’ needs and concerns. the awareness campaign aims to increase understanding among drivers about the experiences of riders of all ages, particularly older riders. two of the riders at the photoshoot said that when busses stop too far from the curb, it can be difficult to board. others added that they generally have positive experiences with port authority drivers, and know many of them by name. schubert is an avid photographer who often rises early to shoot sunrises in and around pittsburgh. age-friendly greater pittsburgh is a collaboration between local leaders, businesses, organizations and residents which brings people of all ages together to rethink how our neighborhoods are built and to make them more inclusive and respectful of every generation. for more information, go to: www.swppa.org/agefriendly 17/5/2018 16:00:59 ems to hold equipment showcase (pittsburgh, pa.) may 18, 2018 – the bureau of emergency medical services will hold its 6th annual ems equipment showcase on may 21 in market square. ems will display ambulances, motorcycle units, river rescue boats, hazmat trucks and more on monday from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. officials will be present to answer any questions about the bureau, its equipment and operations. “it’s an equipment display, but it also gives our employees the opportunity to interact with the public and demonstrate the services we provide to the city of pittsburgh,” said ems chief robert farrow. the event is free and kid-friendly. officials will hand out informational material. ems mission statement: the bureau of emergency medical services is dedicated to the reduction of morbidity and mortality of residents and visitors through the provision of advanced life support prehospital care, medically directed technical rescue and transportation of the ill and injured. for more information on ems, go to:  (note: photos are from last year's event.) 18/5/2018 15:06:53 two people injured in south oakland fire for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 21, 2018) - on sunday, may 20, 2018 at approximately 10:28 p.m., pittsburgh bureau of fire and ems personnel responded to a three-alarm fire inside an apartment building the 3300 block of ward street, south oakland. three residents were inside the building at the time of the fire. one male resident suffered burns to his body and was transported to upmc mercy hospital in stable condition. another male resident was transported in stable condition to upmc presbyterian hospital for smoke inhalation. a third resident was able to safely escape the building unharmed. preliminary reports indicate the fire may have started in the basement of the building. the cause of the blaze remains under investigation. ### 21/5/2018 01:32:52 ems holds equipment showcase pittsburgh, pa (may 21, 2018) -- the bureau of emergency medical services held its 6th annual ems equipment showcase monday in market square. ems displayed ambulances, motorcycle units, river rescue boats, hazmat trucks and more. officials taught cpr classes and handed out informational materials. public safety director wendell hissrich attended, as did police chief scott schubert. during a brief awards ceremony, ems chief robert farrow acknowledged several ems officials for outstanding and lifesaving work, including: russ dimon, aaron byrn, garrett miller, daniel capatolla, greg guckert, ellen matthews, alison cahalin, jay elwood, michael bess, jeanie leggete, justin sypolt, antwain carter, daniel berg and tomas polito. for more information on ems, go to:  21/5/2018 14:31:13 update: partial building collapse pittsburgh, pa (may 21, 2018) -- pittsburgh police, fire, and ems were dispatched to the 2000 block of dellrose street for a reported building collapse on monday around 10:14 a.m. emergency personnel observed bricks falling from the rear of the multi-use structure, and the building began to partially collapse. all residents were safely evacuated. there were three people inside apartments at the time. thirteen people live in the building. a male passerby reported being struck by a falling brick. he was evaluated on-scene with no obvious signs of injury, then transported to the hospital for further evaluation. the department of public works responded to place barricades and clean up debris. the department of permits, licenses, and inspections will inspect the structure. update: inspections showed only a small part of the back of the building was impacted structurally. therefore pli will not be ordering full evacuations of either the apartment units or the bar. in the meantime pli has cited the building's owner and ordered a structural engineer's report on the damage and plans for its remediation. 21/5/2018 13:57:25 update: press conference for police vehicle pride decals update: a press conference will be held tuesday, may 29 at 9 a.m. at pittsburgh police fleet operations in the strip district. to get there, turn onto eazor square (from railroad street) and take a left through the gate to the garage bay. the police vehicle with the decals will be on display and officials will be available for comment. previous release: (pittsburgh, pa.) may 24, 2018 -- the pittsburgh bureau of police will unveil new pride decals on a police patrol vehicle on may 29, 2018 at police fleet operations in the strip district. the patrol car, with rainbow decals on both sides, will be on view downtown and in market square throughout june. the month of june is pride month, which celebrates the lgbtqia+ community. “this is part of our ongoing community outreach efforts,” said chief of staff eric holmes. “this supports our work with the national initiative and is in line with the task force report on 21st century policing. many police agencies around the country show their support this way.” the decals cost $350 and were paid for entirely by pbp command staff. no taxpayer money was used. “this is part of our commitment to being an inclusive police department,” said police chief scott schubert. “as far as our philosophy of community policing, this is about building bridges and being there for everyone.” the city of pittsburgh and pbp believe the decals play an important role in celebrating diversity and inclusion. "the advisory council appreciates the ongoing support that pittsburgh police continue to give to our community," said shanea leonard, chair of the mayor's lgbtqia+ advisory council . an official unveiling of the car will be held tuesday, may 29 with members of the mayor’s office, public safety, police and the lgbtqia+ community. details to come. 24/5/2018 15:11:02 update: warrant issued in east hills homicide pittsburgh, pa (may 31, 2018) -- police have obtained a warrant for the arrest of a sheraden man in relation to a may 25 homicide in east hills. leonard bernard hilton, 24, is in the allegheny county jail on separate charges. he will be charged today with criminal homicide and firearms violations. original release: (pittsburgh, pa.) may 25, 2018 -- police responded early friday to a report of shots fired on the 2100 block of park hill drive. zone 5 officers found a male victim with gunshot wounds around 4:10 a.m. he was pronounced dead at the scene. police are investigating. no arrests have been made in the murder. a suspect is in custody. as this is an ongoing investigation, we cannot provide further comment at this time. 25/5/2018 15:06:31 three people injured, pets rescued in rv crash into a building for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 26, 2018) - at approximately 1:07 p.m. on saturday, may 26, 2018, pittsburgh police, ems, and fire personnel were dispatched to the west end for a recreational vehicle that slammed into a building along greentree road at woodville avenue. upon arrival, it was quickly determined that a male and a female, along with a dog and a cat, were trapped inside the rv. the collaborative effort of the emergency responders proved successful as the two people and a dog were quickly extricated from the vehicle. ems and firefighters heard the cries of the cat and entered the building through the front door. crews worked to dig the cat out of the debris. thankfully, the cat was in a cage and unharmed. according to the preliminary investigation, the rv was travelling down greentree road when it experienced a mechanical failure and went out of control. the rv then struck at least two cars on the road before slamming into the building. the male and female inside the rv were transported to allegheny general hospital in serious condition. both have been upgraded and are now listed in stable condition.  the driver of vehicle that was struck by the rv was transported to upmc mercy hospital in stable condition. the pets are fine and did not suffer any significant injuries. the investigation into the accident continues and no charges have been filed at this time. ### 26/5/2018 15:32:48 two people arrested, drugs and weapons seized in search for warrant suspect pittsburgh, pa (may 30, 2018) - on may 29 at approximately 4:02 p.m., zone 3 police detectives received a tip regarding the whereabouts of a juvenile warrant suspect who was known to be armed. the suspect was observed inside a vehicle driven by 19-year old daryl williams at the intersection of saw mill run boulevard and edgebrook street. williams was driving a 2016 white 4-door mazda mz3. as detectives attempted to pull williams’s vehicle over, williams accelerated and sped away. police pursued. williams wrecked into a stopped vehicle at the intersection of saw mill run boulevard and west liberty avenue. williams then put his vehicle in reverse and rammed into a police vehicle. the occupants inside the stopped vehicle and the police officers were not injured. the juvenile suspect, riding in the front seat, fled the vehicle on foot. an unidentified good samaritan observed the actors, who were armed, trying to escape the vehicle. fearing the actors would turn their weapons on police, the good samaritan used his personal vehicle to block the driver's side of the car and prevent daryl williams from escaping. williams and rear passenger 19-year old derrick cosby were arrested. the search continues for the juvenile warrant suspect that fled the vehicle. police recovered 20 bricks of heroin, nearly $5,000 in cash, and two guns from the vehicle. daryl williams and derrick cosby face several charges to include: possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance, fleeing and attempting to elude police, recklessly endangering another person, escape, criminal conspiracy, aggravated assault, receiving stolen property, and firearms charges. 30/5/2018 14:32:11 hazelwood chase and arrest for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 31, 2018) -- at approximately 4:15p.m. on thursday, may 31, 2018, pittsburgh police officers zone 4 police officers observed a motorcycle travelling along e. elizabeth street with several vehicle code violations. officers then attempted to make a traffic stop. the operator of the motorcycle sped off and at the end of the street, abandoned the motorcycle and led police on a foot chase onto 2nd avenue in hazelwood. the operator then ran into a house in the 5600 block of 2nd avenue and hid. at 5:10 p.m., police made entry into the house and located the suspect., later identified as 32-year-old donald leach. donald leach is now in the allegheny county jail facing several charges to include: resisting arrest, escape, fleeing or attempting to elude officers, reckless driving, and multiple traffic violations. ### 31/5/2018 22:31:11 alert: police searching for east hills homicide suspect pittsburgh, pa (may 31, 2018) -- police are searching for a sheraden man charged with homicide in a may 25 east hills killing. leonard bernard hilton, 24, was being held in the allegheny county jail on a bench warrant relating to theft and receiving stolen property. he was booked may 25 on the warrant, but was also a suspect in a homicide that morning on the 2100 block of park hill drive. after an investigation, detectives obtained a warrant for his arrest on homicide charges and brought it to arraignment court today, may 31, to formally charge hilton. it was then discovered that hilton had been released from custody this afternoon. hilton should be considered armed and dangerous. police urge hilton to turn himself in. if anyone know of his whereabouts, call homicide detectives at (412) 323-7161. details of the may 25 homicide: police responded to a report of shots fired on the 2100 block of park hill drive around 4:10 a.m. zone 5 officers found a male victim with gunshot wounds. he was pronounced dead at the scene. 31/5/2018 20:23:43 larimer teen in stable condition following pit bull attack for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (may 31, 2018) - on thursday, may 31, 2018 at approximately 2:57 p.m., zone 5 police officers were called to the 6400 block of dean street for a pit bull attack. according to the police report, a 15-year-old female had arrived at a home on dean street to visit her 17-year old female friend. as the dog owner opened the door, the dog rushed past the owner and attacked the friend. the young owner began screaming for help. a woman, who lives on the street, rushed to the home as the dog was on top of the friend -- mauling her. to save the 15-year-old from further injury, the neighbor shot the dog to stop the attack. the dog died at the scene. the 15-year-old girl was transported to children's hospital in stable condition. the dog owners were very cooperative with police and very concerned about the health and well-being of their friend. at this time, this incident is being considered an accident and there are no apparent signs of animal cruelty. no charges have been filed. ### 31/5/2018 21:05:54 alert: public safety prepared for kenny chesney concert pittsburgh, pa (may 31, 2018) -- the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department, coast guard and partnering county and state law enforcement agencies are teaming up to ensure a safe experience for all on saturday, june 2 in and around heinz field during the kenny chesney concert. “there will be zero tolerance for intoxication, underage drinking and misbehavior,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “individuals will be cited and/or arrested.” dozens of city, county and state officers -- in full uniform and plainclothes -- will enforce the laws. the zero-tolerance approach will extend to underage drinking, public drunkenness and any violence. ems units staffed by the city and several southwestern pa. agencies will be located inside and outside heinz field. mounted units from the pittsburgh bureau of police and allegheny county police will serve as city ambassadors and assist in crowd control if needed. river rescue will patrol the city’s waterways, enforce drinking and boating laws, and assist the coast guard in enforcing special regulations prohibiting loitering, anchoring, stopping or drifting more than 100 feet from the riverbank. the coast guard’s regulations start at 4 p.m. friday and extend to 3 p.m. sunday. parking lots open at 1 p.m. motorists who park vehicles and wait outside closed parking lots will be instructed to leave until the lots open. heinz field officials will provide garbage and recycling bags. the city -- and north side residents in particular -- urge concertgoers to use them. the flying of drones is prohibited. in years past, the kenny chesney concert has resulted in numerous safety and quality-of-life complaints as a result of some fans who are unable or unwilling to follow laws and comport themselves in a respectful manner. we have heard those complaints. public safety pledges to do everything possible to make sure all law-abiding citizens enjoy their concert experience, and to target anyone who chooses to ignore the law or endanger others. 31/5/2018 09:31:40 east hills murder suspect in custody pittsburgh, pa (june 1, 2018) -- a sheraden man charged with homicide in a may 25 east hills killing turned himself in today. leonard bernard hilton, 24, was being held in the allegheny county jail on a bench warrant relating to theft and receiving stolen property. he was booked may 25 on the warrant, but was also a suspect in a homicide that morning on the 2100 block of park hill drive. after an investigation, detectives obtained a warrant for his arrest on homicide charges and brought it to arraignment court on may 31 to formally charge hilton. it was then discovered that hilton had been released from custody. hilton turned himself in to authorities today. “throughout the investigation, the violent crime unit was in contact with the district attorney's office," deputy chief thomas stangrecki said. "according to rule, the district attorney's office must approve the charges on all homicide cases. once the case was approved, detectives went to magistrate to get the warrant signed. the pittsburgh bureau of police policy requires officers to execute all warrants by searching for their whereabouts, which could include checking the jails to see if he/she is incarcerated. in this case, mr. hilton was released before the warrant was signed and before it could be executed at the county jail.” the pittsburgh bureau of police followed all policies and protocols in this case. the pbp thanks our law enforcement partners, the allegheny county sheriff’s fugitive task force, for searching for the subject. details of the may 25 homicide: police responded to a report of shots fired on the 2100 block of park hill drive around 4:10 a.m. zone 5 officers found a male victim with gunshot wounds. he was pronounced dead at the scene. 1/6/2018 14:56:30 police investigating suspected west end homicide pittsburgh, pa (june 2, 2018) – pittsburgh bureau of police officers from zone 6 responded to the 600 block of hillsboro street in sheraden for a medical emergency around 5 p.m. saturday. officers found a deceased male behind the residence. the violent crimes unit responded to the scene and determined the male had been fatally shot. no arrests have been made. the investigation is ongoing and active. anyone with information on this case is asked to call homicide detectives at (412) 323-7161. 2/6/2018 20:55:56 arrest in carrick murder pittsburgh, pa (june 2, 2018) -- police have obtained a warrant for the arrest of a carrick man in connection with a murder on parkfield street. john robert dickinson, 42, is in custody and will be transported to the allegheny county jail on the following charges: criminal homicide, abuse of a corpse, theft of a motor vehicle, access device fraud, tampering with physical evidence and possession of an instrument of crime. (photos: from facebook) police responded friday to a house on the 1700 block of parkfield street in carrick on a missing person investigation. they found what appeared to be human remains on the property and immediately secured the address. pbp crime unit and allegheny county medical examiner's office processed the scene. they recovered the remains of a male. the victim appears to have suffered multiple stab wounds to the trunk and head, and blunt force trauma to the head. the homicide appears to have occurred between may 27 and may 29. 2/6/2018 23:32:08 arrests in homewood south armed carjacking for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (june 3, 2018) -- at approximately 1:56 a.m. on sunday, june 3, 2018, zone 5 officers responded to the intersection of sterrett street and formosa way for an armed carjacking. according to the male victim, two male actors approached him in a parking lot. one of the actors was armed with a gun. the suspects demanded the keys to his 2017 black chevy impala and drove away. no injuries were reported. around 4:00 a.m., officers spotted the stolen car driving on n. lang avenue in the homewood south neighborhood.  the occupants of the stolen vehicle led police on a brief pursuit, abandoned the car, and fled on foot. a short time later, the suspects were located and taken into custody. one handgun was recovered from the scene. police arrested 32-year old paris moore of wilkinsburg and 19-year-old dakil blair of homewood south. both men now face armed carjacking charges and other related charges. 3/6/2018 08:19:18 chesney concert wrap-up pittsburgh, pa (june 3, 2018) — the department of public safety reports the following numbers from last night's kenny chesney concert at heinz field. about 45,000 people with tickets attended the concert. ems saw a total of 78 patients and 29 were transported to local hospitals. ems resources were plentiful, at no time was mutual aid requested for assistance. most of the patients treated, released and/or transported were alcohol-related. a breakdown on the hospital transports: 18 people transported to (mercy, presby, agh) for intoxication. 1 person transported to mercy/multiple people fell on top of each other down the escalator. 1 person transported to mercy from an assault. 1 person transported to agh for heat related emergency. 1 person transported to agh from a motor vehicle accident. 1 person transported to agh with chest pain. 1 person transported to agh/ level 1 trauma, intox fall head injury. 1 person transported to agh for a seizure. 1 person transported to mercy for hypertension. 1 person transported to agh with burns to the hand from a grill. 1 person transported to mercy generalized weakness. 1 person transported to mercy dizziness. police made five physical arrests and issues 15 non-traffic citations. liquor control enforcement issued at least 19 citations for underage drinking. public works removed 25 tons of garbage from the event. public safety would like to thank all of our partner law enforcement and medical agencies, including the allegheny county sheriff’s department, allegheny county police, port authority police, pennsylvania state police, numerous regional ems agencies and many other agencies. this year’s event brought a reduction in unruly and illegal behavior from previous years. thanks to all — from public safety officials to concertgoers — for making it a mostly safe and successful evening. 3/6/2018 09:55:33 arrest: officer on patrol recovers drugs, firearms, and cash for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (june 4, 2018) -- on monday, june 4, 2018, a zone 5 police officer conducts a traffic stop in homewood that ends with one arrest and the seizure of drugs, firearms, and cash. around 10:54 a.m., officer chris mosesso was on patrol along frankstown avenue when he pulled behind a black pontiac sedan. at that time, officer mosesso detected a strong odor of burning marijuana coming from the car.  after checking the license plate, it was revealed the car registration was suspended. officer mosesso then conducted the traffic stop at the intersection of brushton avenue and frankstown avenue. after stopping the operator of the pontiac without incident. officer mosesso conducted a search of the car and recovered: a stolen pistol, five bricks of heroin (approx. 250 stamp bags), a bag of cocaine, a bag of marijuana, several unidentified pills, and $2,172.00 in cash. the driver of the vehicle is identified as 24-year-old brandon diangelo gray of penn hills. gray was arrested and charged with receiving stolen property, several counts of possession of a controlled substance, possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance, violations of the uniform firearms act, and vehicle code violations. 4/6/2018 15:33:44 perry south robbery suspect arrested for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (june 5, 2018) -- at approximately 12:27 p.m. , zone 1 officers were dispatched to the perry south neighborhood for a street robbery. according to the police report, a 29-year-old male was inside a business at the intersection of n. charles street and perrysville avenue when he was assaulted and robbed of his firearm. the victim was legally permitted to carry a weapon. the suspect fled the store with the stolen weapon. an officer on the scene observed a male, who matched the description of the actor, entering a home on the 2700 block of leland street. officers surrounded the house and called for suspect to come outside. with the assistance of family members, 24-year-old leandre harrison exited the house was taken into custody without incident. police later recovered the stolen firearm outside the home. the victim suffered minor injuries and was taken by private means to the hospital for treatment. charges against leandre harrison are pending. ### 5/6/2018 14:41:29 arrest: lawrenceville burglary suspect in custody for immediate release update (august 2, 2018) -- pittsburgh police zone 2 detectives have arrested a suspect in connection with a series of burglaries in lawrenceville. paul caligiuri, 52, was arrested at approximately 2:25 a.m. in the 4000 block of butler street. caligiuri was taken into custody and transported to the allegheny county jail without incident. while the investigation continues into the burglaries, caligiuri faces charges in connection with the burglaries that occurred at the industry public house on june 5th and the gallery on 43rd street on july 28th. pittsburgh, pa (june 5, 2018) -- pittsburgh police detectives are asking for the public's help in identifying a suspect wanted in connection with the burglary of a lawrenceville business. on sunday, june 3, 2018 at approximately 9:51 a.m. zone 2 detectives were dispatched for a burglary report at the industry public house, located in the 4300 block of butler street. according to the report, a restaurant manager stated he arrived at work that morning to find the cash register drawers missing and the area around the registers was ransacked. based on the investigation and surveillance video, an unknown male forced gained entry into the restaurant,  stole money from a tip jar, and walked behind a bar and removed two cash drawers from the register. the burglar then ran out of the business. the cash drawers were empty. attached is a picture of the suspect carrying the cash drawers out of the restaurant. the suspect is wearing a baseball cap, long sleeve button down collared shirt, cargo pants and gloves. if anyone has information about this suspect, please give zone 2 detectives a call at 412- 255-2827. ### 5/6/2018 16:07:39 elliott man arrested and charged in homicide and non-fatal shooting cases for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (june 6, 2018) -- pittsburgh major crimes detectives close two cases with the arrest of an elliott man. based on the thorough investigation conducted by pittsburgh homicide detectives and computer crimes detectives, 29-year-old james glenn was taken into custody without incident on tuesday, june 5, 2018 at 7:30 p.m. glenn is currently in the allegheny county jail and charged with homicide in the fatal shooting of 28-year-old mujahid hanif and attempted homicide in the non-fatal shooting of a motorist driving along ohio river boulevard. "the extensive collection, analysis, and review of video surveillance footage by computer crimes detectives enabled us to identify the suspect and make a connection between the two cases. this was an excellent effort by those detectives," says commander victor joseph of the major crimes department. on saturday, june 2, 2018, homicide detectives and officers from zone 6 responded to a home in the 600 block of hillsboro street in sheraden at approximately 5:00 p.m. upon arrival, the deceased body of mujahid hanif was located in the rear of the residence. in this murder case, james glenn is charged with criminal homicide, receiving stolen property, and firearms violations. on monday, april 9, 2018, a 27-year-old male victim was shot while driving southbound on ohio river boulevard when he crashed the vehicle near the west end bridge. the unidentified victim was transported to the hospital in critical condition.  in this non-fatal shooting, james glenn is charged with attempted homicide, aggravated assault, and firearms violations. commander joseph adds, "we want to thank the community for the cooperation and assistance they provided that led to the quick arrest of james glenn. when residents work alongside us, our communities are always safer and the quality of life improves." ### 6/6/2018 11:11:59 road closures, parking restrictions set for pride celebrations pittsburgh, pa (june 7, 2018) – in honor of pride month, several celebrations will be held this weekend downtown, including the eqt equality march, the peoples pride 2k18 march, the pridefest and pride rocks pgh. in order to host such events, numerous road closures and parking restrictions will begin as early as this evening and in some cases extend through sunday. of note: several streets downtown – including sections of liberty avenue and smithfield street – will close at 7 p.m. tonight, june 7, and remain closed until sunday evening. for a complete list of closures and parking restrictions, see the list below: closures beginning thursday, june 7 2018 beginning at 7 p.m. on june 7, the following roads will close and remain closed through completion of the event sunday evening: -- liberty avenue between seventh avenue & grant street -- 10th street between penn avenue & seventh avenue (access for westin hotel guests  maintained) -- william penn place between liberty avenue & seventh avenue (access for drury hotel guests maintained) -- smithfield street between liberty avenue & seventh avenue -- garrison place between liberty avenue & exchange way no parking will be posted in the following areas, effective 7:00pm june 7th through 6:00am monday june 11th: -- liberty avenue between seventh avenue & grant street -- 10th street between penn avenue & liberty avenue -- william penn place between liberty avenue & seventh avenue -- smithfield street between liberty avenue & seventh avenue additional closures beginning june 8 2018: beginning at 7 p.m. on june 8, the following roads will close and remain closed through completion of the event sunday evening: -- liberty avenue between 6th street and 9th street (6th avenue remains open) -- 9th street between penn avenue & liberty avenue -- northbound seventh avenue between william penn place & liberty avenue (pat buses & emergency vehicles only) -- tito way between liberty avenue & exchange way -- strawberry way between liberty avenue & smithfield street -- coffee way between sixth avenue & strawberry way -- wood street between liberty avenue & sixth avenue no parking will be posted in the following areas, effective 7 p.m. june 8th through 6 a.m. monday june 11th: -- liberty avenue between 6th street & seventh avenue -- wood street between liberty avenue & sixth avenue additional closures beginning june 9 2018: beginning at 6:00 a.m. on june 9, the following roads will close and remain closed through completion of the event sunday evening: -- sixth avenue between wood street & penn avenue additional closures beginning sunday, june 10 2018 (eqt equality march) beginning at 8 a.m., the following roads will close and reopen no later than 3 p.m.: -- boulevard of the allies between grant street & stanwix street -- wood street & smithfield street remain open crossing boulevard of the allies for pat buses & emergency vehicles -- first avenue between boulevard of the allies & smithfield street beginning at 11:30 a.m., the following roads will close and reopen no later than 3 p.m.: -- grant street between boulevard of the allies and sixth avenue -- fifth avenue between penn avenue & grant street -- liberty avenue between fifth avenue & stanwix street -- wood street between first avenue & third avenue -- smithfield street between first avenue & oliver avenue -- cherry way between first avenue & oliver avenue -- mcmasters way between fifth avenue & market square no parking will be posted in the following areas, effective june 10th from 6 a.m. through 3 p.m.: -- boulevard of the allies between grant street & stanwix street -- fifth avenue between smithfield street & penn avenue -- first avenue between boulevard of the allies & smithfield street rolling closure notice (peoples pride 2k18 march) the following roads will be temporarily closed in a rolling fashion beginning at 10:30 a.m. for the peoples pride 2k18 march: -- crawford street between bedford avenue & centre avenue -- centre avenue between crawford street & sixth avenue -- sixth avenue between centre avenue & grant street -- grant street between sixth avenue & fifth avenue -- fifth avenue between grant street & liberty avenue -- liberty avenue between fifth avenue & stanwix street -- stanwix street between liberty avenue & forbes avenue -- forbes avenue between stanwix street & wood street 7/6/2018 17:54:14 free event: zone 5 community open house is saturday pittsburgh, pa (june 8, 2018) – all are welcomed to attend the annual zone 5 police station community open house on saturday, june 9. now in its fourth year, the open house is an opportunity for police officers and the community they serve to interact in an open and welcoming environment. the event has grown significantly over the past several years and has become a major event in the east end. “we recognize the importance of having a strong relationship with the residents we serve,” said zone 5 commander jason lando. “what better way to get to know those we serve than to have everybody down to our station for a day of fun.” the open house is completely free and offers several attractions, including: -- a dunk tank -- plenty of food, including burgers, hot dogs and sweets -- a bounce house -- animals from the pittsburgh zoo -- hourly raffles -- live deejayed music -- demonstrations by pittsburgh bureau of police special units such as swat, bomb squad, k-9 and motorcycles. plus: this year, the newly-formed pittsburgh police mounted unit will make a special appearance. the open house runs from 12 p.m. to 5 p.m. at zone 5, 1401 washington blvd. anyone may attend, no rsvp is required. the greater pgh food bank will be collecting non-perishable items for anyone who wishes to donate. 8/6/2018 10:37:13 police seek public's help in downtown theft pittsburgh, pa (june 8, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police detectives are seeking the public's help in identifying a woman suspected of stealing an iphone and p.a.t. connect card, then using the card to ride around pittsburgh and beyond. the victim reported that her belongings were stolen from her purse in a downtown restaurant on may 4. the victim’s connect card was then used on numerous occasions until the account was completely withdrawn. the woman in the following photos was seen using the card on multiple occasions: if anyone has information on the suspect, please call zone 2 plainclothes detectives at 412-255-2827. 8/6/2018 15:06:44 traffic alert: allegheny river blvd. partial closure due to landslide for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (june 12, 2018) -- allegheny river boulevard outbound between washington boulevard and nadine road will be shut down due to a landslide. all traffic from butler street in the city of pittsburgh will be diverted onto washington boulevard. all traffic inbound from penn hills will also be diverted. engineers and cleanup crews are on the scene. this section of allegheny river boulevard will remain closed until cleanup efforts are complete. there is no estaimated time for the reopening of the road. ### 12/6/2018 22:32:50 search for credit card thief in downtown and on the north shore for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (june 14, 2018) -- pittsburgh police detectives are attempting to identify a suspected pickpocket who has struck inside restaurants downtown and on the north shore. according to police zone detectives, between march and may of 2018, there are several reports from women who stated wallets were stolen from their purses while they were inside local restaurants. in these cases, the purses were placed on the back of a chair, on the floor, or on a hook under the bar. the male actor stealing these credit cards has gone on shopping sprees at the mall at robinson and made multiple fraudulent purchases totalling a large undisclosed amount of money. pittsburgh zone 1 and zone 2 plain clothes detectives have obtained video and photographs of the actor making purchases. if you have any information on the identity of this man, please call the zone detectives at 412-323-7201 or 412-255-2827. video link:   14/6/2018 17:17:30 search for credit card fraud suspect for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (june 14, 2018) – pittsburgh police detectives are asking for the public's help in identifying a man suspected of access device fraud and cloning credit cards. according to detectives, on tuesday, may 8, 2018, a male victim used his credit card at a local restaurant between 11:00 a.m. - noon. later that day, the credit card company notified the victim of suspected fraudulent use of his card.  the actor is suspected of  cloning the credit card and using the card to purchase items at several stores in robinson township. the victim never lost his card and was still in possession of it as the fraudulent charges were made. the actor is described as 6'2" tall, 250 pounds, brown hair with a dread locks style, and a full beard. if you have any information leading to the identity and/or whereabouts of this suspect, please give zone 1 police detectives a call at 412-323-7201. 14/6/2018 15:59:00 police arrest suspect in homicide of 3-year-old pittsburgh, pa (june 18, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police detectives arrested jamal williams, 21, of the north side today, june 18, on charges of homicide and endangering the welfare of a child. police responded to a north side home on feb. 6, 2018 for a report of a small child who had fallen off the bed and was unconscious. the boy was transported to a local hospital, where he died feb. 14, four days after his third birthday. during the investigation, vcu detectives determined that williams was alone with the boy the day the injuries occurred, and that williams had assaulted the boy in the past. williams was in custody when police arrested him today. he was being housed at the allegheny county jail on previous firearms violations. (photo from feb. 22, 2018) 18/6/2018 15:35:43 one person dead, another person injured in middle hill shooting for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (june 18, 2018) - pittsburgh police homicide are investigating a double shooting in the middle hill neighborhood that has left one person deceased and another person hospitalized. at approximately, 4:22 p.m. officers arrived in the 2400 block of wylie avenue for a reported shooting. upon arrival, officers observed two males suffering from gunshot wounds inside a vehicle in the middle of the street. the vehicle was struck several times. initial reports indicate this was an isolated incident. both victims were transported to the hospital. one victim was transported in critical condition and later died at the hospital. the other victim was transported in stable condition. there are no other reported injuries and no reports of damage to any nearby property.. homicide detectives are actively investigating this shooting and urge anyone with information to give police a call at 412-323-7800. 18/6/2018 19:04:27 arrests: two people arrested in homewood drug bust for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (june 19, 2018) -- on june 18, 2018, zone 5 plainclothes officers arrested two suspects, seized drugs, and recovered a stolen firearm in homewood. officers set up an afternoon surveillance operation following citizen complaints of open-air drug sales at the intersection of frankstown avenue and n. homewood avenue. community members also reported concerns to police about individuals loitering, drinking, and selling drugs  in a lot across from the corner store at this location. during the surveillance operation, officers witnessed two males engaged in drug deals and detained them. the men were identified as 46-year-old jabbar k. womble of penn hills and michael d. macon, 49, of homewood. according to police, mr. womble and mr. macon were in possession of heroin and crack cocaine, and marijuana. officers then learned the men may have stashed more drugs inside a vehicle parked near the location. a search warrant was obtained for the vehicle and officers recovered a bag of suspected cocaine, a bag of heroin, a stolen pistol, and an undisclosed amount of cash. jabbar womble and michael macon were arrested and face felony drug and conspiracy charges. in addition, womble faces felony firearms violations and receiving stolen property. zone 5 officers wish to thank concerned community members for remaining vigilant and providing information that led to the arrests and the removal of drugs and a stolen firearm from the homewood neighborhood. jabbar k. womble michael d. macon 19/6/2018 02:29:22 media alert: dangers of fireworks demo pittsburgh, pa. (june 19,2018) -- pittsburgh public safety and upmc mercy burn center officials will hold a demonstration tomorrow, june 20, on the danger of fireworks. the demo comes two weeks ahead of the fourth of the july. with commercial fireworks now legal in pennsylvania, upmc and public safety officials believe this holiday could see an increase in injuries and fires. the demonstration -- called ‘fireworks – leave it to the professionals!’ -- will feature pittsburgh police bomb squad officers using explosives embedded in large fruits such as watermelon to show fireworks’ strength. also attending and available for interviews: jenny ziembicki, m.d., medical director, upmc mercy burn center, plus several public safety officials. the demonstration begins at 10 a.m. at the pbp firing range, washington blvd. and highland dr., pittsburgh, 15206. 19/6/2018 16:20:33 police statement on travon smart murder investigation pittsburgh, pa (june 19, 2018) – pittsburgh police continue to investigate the shooting death of travon smart, also known as jimmy wopo. smart, 21, was shot and killed june 18 in the middle hill neighborhood around 4:20 p.m. smart was inside a vehicle with a male when someone in another vehicle fired multiple shots. the man with smart also was injured in the shooting. the pittsburgh bureau of police is thoroughly investigating this homicide, as we do all homicides in the city. the investigation is active and ongoing. per policy, and to protect the integrity of the investigation, police do not comment on ongoing investigations. crimes are always easier to solve when community members assist police. anyone with information on this shooting is asked to call homicide detectives at (412) 323-7800. 19/6/2018 15:10:54 update: arrest in crafton heights homicide for immediate release update (june 20, 2018) -- rashem littlebery, 28, of chartiers city is being charged with the murder of de'von dozier. the shooting that led to dozier's death occurred thursday, june 14, 2018 on woodlow street in crafton heights. rashem littleberry faces criminal homicide and firearms violations charges. rashem littleberry ### original release: pittsburgh, pa (june 15, 2018) -- pittsburgh police homicide detectives are investigating the fatal shooting of a 23-year old male in crafton heights. on thursday, june 14, 2018 at approximately, 6:30 p.m., officers were dispatched to a home in the 800 block of woodlow street for a reported shooting. inside the home, officers observed an unidentified male suffering from a gunshot wound to the leg.  upon further investigation, it was determined the victim was shot nearby and ran into the occupied home where he was found by police. the victim was transported to the hospital in very critical condition. he was pronounced deceased at the hospital the following morning, friday, june 15, 2018. homicide detectives, the mobile crime unit, and members of the group violence intervention unit are investigating the homicide. the investigation is ongoing and anyone with information regarding this shooting is urged to give police a call at 412-323-7800. 14/6/2018 21:31:00 update: missing sheraden woman for immediate release update (june 21,2018) -- dolores miller was located wednesday, june 20, 2018. she was found deceased inside a ross township home. ross township police are handling the investigation. ### original release pittsburgh, pa (june 19, 2018) -- pittsburgh police missing persons detectives are asking for your assistance in locating a woman from the sheraden neighborhood. dolores miller, 56, was last seen around noon on sunday june 17, 2018 leaving work at the westin convention center in downtown. ms. miller is described as 5'5" tall, 165 pounds, with brown hair. she drives a 2017 gray mazda-3 sedan. the license plate number is d-k-n-2-6-2-3. if anyone has seen dolores miller or her vehicle, please give pittsburgh police missing persons detectives a call at 412-323-7141. 19/6/2018 22:46:22 bigburgh supporting citiparks' summer food program for kids pittsburgh, pa (june 21, 2018) -- the city of pittsburgh department of public safety is excited to announce that bigburgh.com is partnering with citiparks to feature the city of pittsburgh summer food service program sites in its listings of free meal locations, and will be present with an information table tomorrow, june 22, 2018 at the citiparks summer food service program kick-off event at moore park in brookline from 11:30 – 2pm. the department of public safety finds it essential to recognize that the summer meals made available through the summer food service program are an important part of bigburgh’s service listings, as bigburgh was created with a special focus on youth experiencing homelessness. to access the summer meal listings, go to www.bigburgh.com, select the “family” or “male/female/transgender 24 and under” filter, hit the red “services” button, and select the dinner plate icon. the summer food service program listings are also available at the citiparks website:  bigburgh.com is a city of pittsburgh department of public safety web-app listing free services for people experiencing homelessness, or anyone in dire need. anyone, from first responders, to service providers, and the general public can use bigburgh to find free, easy-to-use services throughout pittsburgh and allegheny county. while designed to be used on a mobile phone, anyone can access the bigburgh website from any device that can access the internet. bigburgh lists essential everyday needs, such as meals, shelter, clinics, showers, and laundry, clothing, and diapers, and expert help with financial, legal, and employment matters, as well as essential emergency hotlines. lists are shown based on the user’s location, and services are described in concise, jargon-free terms. while bigburgh.com recently joined the list of city web-apps in 2018, city of pittsburgh police officers, under the leadership of assistant chief ana kudrav, were among the first users of bigburgh.com during its pilot phase in 2016. since the city’s adoption of the web-app this year, the city has seen an average of over 4,800 monthly users. citiparks operates the summer food service program in partnership with pittsburgh public schools. the food programs division of citiparks is a unique and wonderful opportunity to provide food for our city’s youth—through the summer food service program, and the after-school food service program. the citiparks food programs are available to all children up to 18 years old, as well as individuals with any type of disability/handicap up to 21 years old. the citiparks summer food service program is made possible by funding from the us department of agriculture through the pennsylvania department of education. for more information, contact the city of pittsburgh manager of bigburgh.com: sally stadelman, sally.stadelman@pittsburghpa.gov, 412-255-2239 21/6/2018 16:56:27 alert: search for missing teen for immediate release pittsburgh, pa ( june 21, 2018) -- pittsburgh police missing persons detectives need the public's assistance in locating 17-year-old shereen malik. she is visiting pittsburgh from south africa. shereen was last seen on n. euclid avenue in east liberty. she is about 5'1" tall and 120 pounds. if anyone has information on her whereabouts, please contact missing persons detectives at 412-323-7141 . missing: shereen malik 21/6/2018 15:00:16 police investigating officer's social media post pittsburgh, pa (june 22, 2018) -- pittsburgh police command staff is aware of a facebook post by a city officer and immediately referred the officer to omi for a full investigation. we will hold this officer accountable for his actions. comments that disparage victims and endanger the community and fellow officers will not be tolerated by the city of pittsburgh. such behavior is a poor reflection on the bureau and will not be tolerated. 22/6/2018 22:20:05 alert: public safety statement on protests pittsburgh, pa (june 25, 2018) -- pittsburgh public safety continues to monitor protest activities in response to the fatal shooting of antwon rose. city, public safety, and police officials recognize that this is a highly emotional situation and anticipate protests to continue tomorrow following the family’s request to not protest today, the day of antwon’s funeral. over the past several days, protesters have been passionate but peaceful during gatherings in and around the city. pittsburgh officials commend participants, organizers and all affected by the protests. police have made it a priority to respect protesters’ first amendment rights while also ensuring public safety. we have reported only one arrest during the protests, for a motorist who incited the crowd friday night on east ohio street. in several instances, police have formed human barricades to protect protesters from counter-protesters. police also continue to actively search for a vehicle that drove through a crowd friday night outside pnc park. fortunately, no injuries were reported. we understand the community is hurting. we understand there is anger and confusion. we understand that words matter, which is why the city police officer who is being investigated for posting insensitive remarks on social media has been placed on modified duty pending an omi investigation. we also understand that while this tragic shooting did not occur within city limits or involve the pittsburgh bureau of police, protests have and will continue to occur within city limits. the city of pittsburgh will continue to protect protesters’ first amendment rights while assuring that all people -- from protesters to city residents and motorists who may be affected by road closures -- remain safe. to achieve that goal, all police officers will work 12-hour shifts starting tuesday morning to assure we maintain proper staffing levels to keep the city safe. this order will continue indefinitely. this is a time of mourning and uncertainty. but we know that pittsburgh is at its strongest when we are united, when we show empathy and understanding for our fellow human beings. we all want justice. until that process is completed, we ask all pittsburghers -- from protesters to residents -- to continue being peaceful and respectful of each other, even in such distressing times. 25/6/2018 15:25:00 update: police continue investigation of car driving through protesters pittsburgh, pa (june 26, 2018) – the pittsburgh bureau of police continues to investigate an incident in which a vehicle drove through a group of protesters friday night outside pnc park. police have identified two victims: one who suffered an ankle and back injury, and one who was struck in the legs but claimed no pain. police have obtained the license plate of the vehicle and have a possible suspect. additional evidence, including video and witness accounts, is being gathered and reviewed. investigators have consulted with the district attorney’s office and continue to build the case. police ask anyone who may have witnessed the incident or has information on the car to contact zone 2 officers at (412) 255-2827. 26/6/2018 16:40:42 beware: scammers impersonating utility workers for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (june 27, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police zone 4 detectives want to remind residents to beware of scammers posing as utility workers. this is that time of year when there is a lot of contracted work being conducted throughout the area. on tuesday, june 27, 2018, an elderly squirrel hill south woman was able to successfully prevent a possible burglary inside her residence after suspected imposters gained entry.  according to the police report,  as utility crews were working nearby in the 3500 block of beechwood boulevard in greenfield, two males claiming to be employees of an electric company arrived at the home and told  the victim they wanted to check for possible flooding inside the house. the suspects were permitted to enter the garage and into the basement. as the resident grew skeptical, she eventually coaxed the men outside the residence and locked them out. the resident called the utility company working nearby and confirmed they had no workers going door-to-door checking for flooding. according to the victim, the suspects were not able to take anything out of the home. no injuries or property damage was reported. if anyone has any information about this incident, please give police a call at 412-323-7800. to avoid becoming a victim of scammers and imposters:: use caution when opening your door to strangers. check the identification of any workers coming to your door. do not hesitate to call the company to verify the worker. when in doubt, call police for assistance. 27/6/2018 15:11:01 alert: public safety statement on luke bryan concert security pittsburgh, pa (june 28, 2018) -- as with the kenny chesney concert earlier this month, the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department, coast guard and partnering county and state law enforcement agencies will team up to ensure a safe experience for all in and around heinz field during the luke bryan concert on saturday, june 30. tens of thousands of country music fans are expected on the north shore for the concert. temperatures are forecast to be hot and humid, with heat index readings around 100. the city will set up misting stations and deploy multiple ems units to the area, but concertgoers are urged to drink plenty of water and limit alcohol consumption. parking lots open at 1 p.m. motorists who park vehicles and wait outside closed parking lots will be instructed to leave until the lots open. gates open at 4 p.m. fans entering the north shore lots must have a ticket to the concert and must enter heinz field by 7 p.m. concertgoers must leave the lots no later than one hour after the concert ends. fans at the chesney concert were generally law-abiding and respectful. the city anticipates the same behavior from bryan fans. however, as with the chesney concert, public safety director wendell hissrich has again issued a “zero tolerance” warning for disorderly conduct, intoxication, underage drinking and any violence. “individuals will be cited and/or arrested.” dozens of city, county and state officers -- in full uniform and plainclothes -- will enforce the laws. mounted units from the pittsburgh bureau of police and allegheny county police will serve as city ambassadors and assist in crowd control if needed. river rescue will patrol the city’s waterways and enforce drinking and boating laws. the coast guard will enforce a special local regulation prohibiting loitering, anchoring, stopping or drifting more than 100 feet from any riverbank, and impeding safe passage of another vessel to any launching ramp, marina, or fleeting area between the ninth street bridge, fort pitt highway bridge and the west end bridge. the coast guard’s regulations start at 4 p.m. friday and extend to noon sunday. the flying of drones is prohibited. 28/6/2018 16:59:17 engstler street swat incident for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (june 28, 2018 ) -- on thursday, june 28, 2018 at approximately 8:13 a.m. , pittsburgh police responded to the 500 block of engstler street in the st. clair neighborhood after a report of shots fired on officers. the western pennsylvania fugitive task force, a multi-agency unit, was attempting to serve an arrest warrant on homicide suspect jason james at that address. the structure appeared to be abandoned. gunshots were fired from within the structure at the officers. at that time, the city of pittsburgh swat team was called to the scene. according to acting u.s. marshal mike baughman, "members of the fugitive task force moved to secure the scene. thankfully, no officers were struck by gunfire." nearby residents were safely evacuated as the scene unfolded. negotiators were called in an attempt to make contact with the male inside. "three shots were fired from within the structure. law enforcement at no time fired their weapons," says, pittsburgh major crimes commander victor joseph.  shortly after, swat team members made entry and discovered a deceased male with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. the incident ended around 10:34 a.m. the identity of the deceased will be determined by the allegheny county medical examiner's office. public safety director, wendell hissrich stated, " unfortunately we had an individual who apparently took his own life, but overall, this was a great job by all officers. no officers or residents were injured." pittsburgh police want to especially thank residents and members of the community for their cooperation, assistance, and open prayers during this incident. several agencies assisted in this effort: pittsburgh bureau of police, the western pennsylvania fugitive task force led by the u.s. marshalls office, the allegheny county sheriff's office, the allegheny county police, washington county police, the pa state police, fbi, mt. oliver police, westmoreland county sheriff's office, the pa state parole office, and the salvation army. 28/6/2018 14:03:41 alert: pet safety in the heat for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (june 29, 2018) - - during this period of extremely hot temperatures and humid weather, the pittsburgh public safety department wants to remind all pet owners to be responsible. please keep your pets safe and be mindful of ordinances and state laws designed to keep your pets safe. if you are hot, so are your pets! keep your pets cool and give them plenty of cool water. pet owners are not permitted to leave dogs outside for more than 30 minutes when the temperature is above 90-degrees. this is a city ordinance and a state law. if police officers find an animal inside a hot car and the animal is believed to be in distress, officers will remove the animal for its own safety and protection. people who leave their pets outside for long periods of time and in hot vehicles will be charged with cruelty to animals. never leave pets inside of a hot vehicle even for a few minutes. temperatures rise very quickly inside a vehicle. see something, say something! if you see a dog in a hot car, immediately call 9-1-1. note the license plate, color, model and make of the vehicle. time is of the essence. 29/6/2018 14:02:15 update: search for missing elderly man for immediate release update: peter zecca has been located. he is safe and unharmed. original release: pittsburgh, pa (june 29, 2018) -- pittsburgh police missing persons detectives are requesting the public's assistance in locating 96-year-old peter zecca of greenfield. mr. zecca was last seen yesterday, june 28, 2018 in elizabeth, pa. he was expected to arrive at his pittsburgh residence before 5 p.m. his family has not heard from him or seen him. peter zecca is described as being 5'2" tall, 130 pounds. he was last seen wearing casual blue pants and a tan shirt. he drives a 2017 gray honda accord with the pennsylvania license plate number, p-j-z-e-l-e-c. if you see mr. zecca or have information on his whereabouts, please call pittsburgh missing persons detectives at 412-323-7142. 29/6/2018 11:51:21 arrest: police charge driver in protest incident pittsburgh, pa (june 29, 2018) -- pittsburgh police charged a sewickley man today in connection to an incident june 22 in which he drove through a crowd of protesters outside pnc park. gregory clark wagner, 58, faces three charges of reckless endangerment, one charge of driving the wrong way and one charge of careless driving. police have identified two victims: one who suffered an ankle and back injury, and one who was struck in the legs but claimed no pain. 29/6/2018 16:07:44 update: luke bryan concert for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (july 1, 2018) — the city of pittsburgh public safety department announces the following totals from last night’s luke bryan concert at heinz field: there was 1 arrest: an ejected male who had an outstanding bench warrant. five tons of garbage was removed by public works. pittsburgh ems saw a total of 88 patients, 30 of which were transported to local hospitals. -- 23 patients were seen with heat related issues, and 5 were transported to the hospital. -- 6 patients were seen due to intoxication, and 2 were transported to the hospital. -- 6 patients were seen for falls, and 3 were transported to the hospital. -- 4 patients had diabetic emergencies, and 2 were transported to the hospital. -- 28 patients were seen for unknown medical problems, and 7 were transported to the hospital. -- 3 patients suffered seizures, and 2 were transported to the hospital. the remaining patients seen and/or transported suffered minor lacerations, assaults or alcohol related issues. public safety would like to thank the allegheny county sheriff’s department, pennsylvania state police, port authority police, port authority, coast guard, and multiple regional ems agencies for assisting. in addition, thanks are due to multiple city departments for helping to make the luke bryan concert a successful and safe event. thanks also go to concertgoers for being law-abiding and respectful. 1/7/2018 10:20:24 alert: fourth of july security update pittsburgh, pa (july 3, 2018) – pittsburgh public safety and several partner law enforcement agencies will be out in force tomorrow to ensure a safe experience for all at the city’s fourth of july celebrations. thousands of people are expected to gather in point state park for festivities and fireworks. prohibited items in the park include, but are not limited to: alcohol, drones, grills, laser pointers and any type of weapon, explosive or ammunition. fireworks are not allowed in the park, and city law prohibits the use of any fireworks, even those that are legal, within 150 feet of a structure. officers will establish security checks at park entryways. they will perform bag checks and random screenings of visitors for weapons. "there will be zero-tolerance for any type of disorderly conduct, any type of fighting, intoxication, underage drinking, or any type of violence,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “we encourage the public: if you see something suspicious, please say something. there will plenty of law enforcement out there in uniform and in plain clothes.” river rescue, pittsburgh fire and the coast guard will on the city’s three rivers to enforce laws. “our goal is to make this a safe environment for everybody whether on land or on water,” police chief scott schubert said. pittsburgh ems, state park rangers and mounted units from the city, county and state will be present. multiple agencies will assist, including allegheny county police, the county sheriff’s office, state police and port authority. temperatures are again expected to be well above normal with high humidity and heat indexes nearing triple digits. in such weather, it is important to limit alcohol intake and drink plenty of water. finally: while certain consumer fireworks are legal this year, fireworks are a fire hazard and pose significant dangers to humans. two weeks ago, public safety officials and upmc gave a demonstration on these dangers. a video of that event can be viewed here:  the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department wishes all a happy and safe fourth of july. 3/7/2018 11:41:40 arrests: three people charged in homewood drug busts for immediate release pittsburgh, pa - (july 4, 2018) - community concerns and complaints regarding open-air drug sales and violence in areas of homewood have resulted in three arrests, the recovery of multiple drugs, a stolen firearm, and cash. as part of continuous efforts to reduce crime in the area, pittsburgh police zone 5 plainclothes officers are actively working with residents and investigating complaints of drug dealing in the north homewood and south homewood neighborhoods. police have received numerous complaints of drug activity in the area of frankstown avenue and n. homewood avenue. on monday, july 2, 2018 at approximately 2:08 p.m., the plainclothes officers observed 18-year-old jamir alston of butler, pa, making several drug deals in the 7200 block of frankstown avenue. alston was detained and officers recovered multiple rocks of crack cocaine, marijuana, cash, and drug paraphernalia.  alston was arrested and transported to the allegheny county jail without incident.  alston faces felony drug charges to include possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance, possession of a controlled substance, and the use or possession of drug paraphernalia. on wednesday, july 3, 2018, at approximately 10:53 a.m., zone 5 plainclothes investigators were conducting a surveillance operation and observed open-air drug sales in the 800 block of brushton avenue. officers witnessed isaac waller, 22, of homewood south, making drug deals. as officers approached waller, waller threw a bag into a nearby yard. the bag was later recovered and found to contain several rocks of crack cocaine. police also recovered nearly $2,800.00 in cash. waller was arrested and taken to the allegheny county jail. waller also faces felony drug charges to include possession with intent to deliver and possession of a controlled substance. also on tuesday, july 3, 2018, zone 5 officers made another drug arrest. around 11:06 a.m. at the intersection of frankstown avenue and n. homewood avenue, plainclothes officers were on foot patrol when they observed a male inside a vehicle become anxious and appear to hurriedly transfer something from his lap to the passenger seat. upon approach, officers observed marijuana. 44-year-old larry west of swissvale was detained and the car was searched. officers recovered a stolen handgun, crack cocaine, heroin, marijuana, and nearly $400.00 in cash. west was arrested and transported to the allegheny county jail where he faces felony drug and gun charges. zone 5 officers want to thank the residents of the community for their continued cooperation and assistance in the effort to reduce open-air drug sales and violence in the neighborhood. jamir alston issac waller waller arrest larry west west arrest 4/7/2018 11:26:18 fourth of july celebrations end downtown pittsburgh, pa (july 5, 2018) – thousands of people travelled downtown to watch the annual fourth of july fireworks show in the skies above point state park. despite extreme heat and humidity, pittsburgh ems treated only two people, on site, for alcohol- and/or hear-related issues. no one was transported. police made seven arrests: four people for disorderly conduct (fighting), two people for a domestic dispute, and one person for illegally carrying, setting off and throwing fireworks at people downtown. pittsburgh public safety director wendell hissrich would like to thank everyone who made this year’s event a success, including: allegheny county police, allegheny county sheriff’s office, pennsylvania state police, port authority, coast guard, state park rangers and everyone in pittsburgh public safety. the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department wishes all a happy fourth of july. 5/7/2018 00:10:15 arrest: man charged in carrick homicide for immediate release pittsburgh, pa ( july 10, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police homicide detectives have arrested 35-year-old joseph martin in the death of ricardo tobia of carrick. on july 7, 2018 , officers were dispatched to a residence in the 500 block of kirk avenue for a welfare check. after entering the home, officers discovered the deceased body of ricardo tobia, 71, along with his deceased dog. upon further investigation, detectives were able to identify joseph martin as a suspect. martin, was listed as a person who resided with mr. tobia inside the kirk avenue home. an arrest warrant was obtained and at approximately 9:30 a.m. today, martin was taken into custody following his discharge from a hospital where he was being securely held for evaluation. joseph martin is now in the allegheny county jail charged with criminal homicide and aggregated cruelty to animals. joseph martin 10/7/2018 13:26:24 alert: police seek help identifying theft suspect pittsburgh, pa (july 11, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police detectives are trying to identify a man wanted in connection to a gas station theft last month. the man pictured below is wanted for retail theft. on june 26, 2018, at around 9:30 p.m., the suspect asked to buy several cartons of cigarettes from a banksville gas station. when the clerk placed the cartons of cigarettes on the counter, the male grabbed them and ran out the door without paying. anyone with information on this man’s identity or whereabouts is asked to call zone 6 station at (412) 937-3051. 11/7/2018 11:48:57 county police investigating shooting pittsburgh, pa (july 15, 2018) — zone 3 officers responded to a report of a male who had been pistol-whipped around 5:30 pm sunday evening on the 2400 block of charcot street. officers made contact with the victim, who had a laceration on his head. the victim identified the suspect by pointing out a man sitting on a porch nearby. police approached the suspect. the suspect was armed with a handgun. during the ensuing incident, a police officer fired one round. the male was shot in the leg and was taken to a local hospital in stable condition. he is expected to be released tonight. county police are investigating, as is protocol in officer-involved shootings. county police investigators recovered a loaded firearm at the scene and interviewed witnesses. body cam footage also will be reviewed as evidence. all further inquiries should be directed to the allegheny county police department. 15/7/2018 23:02:36 advisory: department of defense training in and around pittsburgh pittsburgh, pa (july 20, 2018) -- the department of defense, in conjunction with local and federal law enforcement, will be conducting training in and around the greater pittsburgh area july 23 through august 4. this is a planned exercise in cooperation with local authorities and is not in response to any current events. the exercise is expected to have minimal impact on the public. to maintain the highest level of safety, there are no public viewing or media opportunities planned during this event. please contact pittsburgh public safety pio chris togneri at (412) 627-3552 if you have any questions. 20/7/2018 18:25:03 update: police, fire and ems respond to bus accident pittsburgh, pa (july 22, 2018) – pittsburgh police, fire and ems responded to a report of a bus crash downtown near the intersection of grant street and seventh avenue around 5:50 pm. three school busses carrying ballet students from around the country were travelling from chatham university, which was holding a summer ballet program, to the gateway clipper. the second bus rear-ended the first bus, causing minor damage to both busses. ems transported 28 people to local hospitals. all injuries were minor. the victims ranged in age from 12 to 21 and were predominantly female. officials declared a mass casualty incident due to the large number of injuries, and medics from outside the city also responded to the scene. a total of 9 medic units helped transport patients. every hospital in the city treated victims. the scene was cleared shortly after 7 p.m. police are investigating the cause of the crash. 22/7/2018 21:37:58 new city guidelines adopted on protest activity and response pittsburgh, pa (july 26, 2018) -- in the past five weeks since the shooting in east pittsburgh borough of 17-year-old antwon rose, and the subsequent community outcry and protests, the city of pittsburgh has been working with local and national experts on best practices for protest response. to that end the city today is announcing three new initiatives on its responses to unpermitted demonstrations going forward. the city's guiding principle remains protecting the first amendment rights of protesters while assuring that all people – from protesters to city residents and motorists who may be affected by road closures – are kept safe. today the pittsburgh bureau of police is announcing new roadway safety guidelines; crisis intervention teams to work with protesters; and work on a new de-escalation initiative. police are committed to allowing protestors to close streets during first amendment activities, but to ensure safety the new roadway safety guidelines prohibit demonstrations from blocking hospital, special event and tunnel/bridge entrances and exits. using input from traffic and crowd management planners, it also bars certain critically important intersections from being closed down at any time, and other intersections from being closed down during morning and afternoon rush hours. "these guidelines are a starting point, which give incident commanders more direction and balance when managing peaceful protests and ensure that public safety is maintained for all involved," police chief scott schubert said. the road safety guidelines policy is available in full here . police will soon deploy crisis intervention teams to coordinate with protesters during demonstrations and promote open communication between organizers and police personnel. the specially-trained officers will seek to meet with protesters both before and after events to address concerns or issues that arise, in order to keep protesters safe and informed of police actions in support of first amendment activity. police will also formally adopt de-escalation practices and tactics proven to reduce tension and enhance safety during demonstrations and other crowd activities. public safety personnel will work with community leaders and stakeholders to provide input into the policies before they are adopted. 26/7/2018 16:13:46 update: arrest made in troy hill bank robbery update : police arrested shakihya ruffin around 5:40 p.m. on monday, july 30, following a traffic stop in zone 5. ruffin, 20, was wanted in connection to the july 27 bank robbery at the westbanco bank on the 1700 block on lowrie street in troy hill. she is charged with two counts of robbery and one count of receiving stolen property. for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (july 27, 2018) -- on friday, july 27, 2018, at approximately 11:23 a.m., pittsburgh police major crimes detectives were dispatched to the wesbanco bank on the 1700 block of lowrie street for a robbery. an unidentified female entered the bank, approached the teller, and demanded money. after receiving an undisclosed amount of money, the actor fled the bank on foot. no weapon was seen during the robbery and there were no reports of injuries. the actor is described as 5'3" tall, 130-pounds, with a medium build. at the time of the robbery she was wearing sunglasses and a camouflage hat. this is an ongoing joint investigation involving the pittsburgh bureau of police and the fbi. if anyone has any information about the actor or the robbery, please give pittsburgh police major crimes detectives a call at 412-323-7800. 27/7/2018 20:04:30 one person dies, two others detained in hot metal bridge incident for immediate release pittsburgh, pa ( july 29, 2018) -- on sunday, july 29, 2018, at approximately 8:40 p.m., city of pittsburgh first responders were dispatched to hot metal street for a report of three males jumping from the bridge into the monongahela river. river rescue, police, ems, and fire personnel observed three unidentified males in the water. rescue efforts immediately got underway. one of the men appeared injured and was having problems swimming to shore. river rescue officers successfully pulled this man out of the water and began lifesaving measures  as the boat headed to shore. the unidentified patient was transported to the hospital in critical condition where he was later pronounced deceased. the other two jumpers were rescued and safely pulled to the river's edge. medics evaluated them at the scene.they were not injured. these two men were detained by police for questioning. upon further investigation, it was determined the three men were not trying to take their own lives. at this time, there are no charges in this ongoing investigation. 29/7/2018 23:47:53 update: department of defense training continues in pittsburgh region pittsburgh, pa (august 1, 2018) -- the department of defense and the city of pittsburgh would like to thank the public for its support of our military and local first responders as they continue training exercises in and around the greater pittsburgh area. the exercises, which involve local and federal law enforcement, play an important role in keeping our nation safe by providing unique training opportunities for our military. in addition, local law enforcement and first responders are receiving invaluable training from the dod during these exercises, which will conclude tomorrow night, august 2. public safety officials have received comments and inquiries directly from residents and on social media, most of which have been overwhelmingly positive and supportive. however, we have also received messages from concerned residents who were alarmed by the exercises, either because they were unaware of them occurring here or because their homes are in close proximity to certain training areas. public safety is doing its best to respond to each individual who expresses such concerns. we understand that for some this can be an inconvenience, and we again thank everyone for their understanding and support. by accommodating these exercises, we are providing a great service to our country. “i’d like to thank the public for their understanding and support,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “this is a collaborative effort between us and the d.o.d. we understand the training for the most part this week is taking place at night and that is an inconvenience to some, not only in the city but in the suburbs. but i want to emphasize our thanks to the public.” as a reminder, these are planned exercises in cooperation with local authorities and they are not in response to any current events. to maintain the highest level of safety, there are no public viewing or media opportunities planned during this event. 1/8/2018 14:15:37 advisory: regatta security update pittsburgh, pa (august 2, 2018) – pittsburgh public safety and several partner law enforcement agencies will cooperate closely this weekend to ensure a safe experience for all at the eqt three rivers regatta. “the regatta is a highlight event of the summer in pittsburgh, and we will work diligently to ensure everyone has a happy and safe experience,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “that means we will again have a zero-tolerance policy for any type of disorderly conduct, any type of fighting, public intoxication, underage drinking, or any type of violence.” tens of thousands of people are expected to gather in point state park and along the city’s rivers for boat races, concerts, fireworks and other festivities. for those entering the point, be aware that officers and security staff will establish security checks at park entryways, and perform bag checks and random screenings of visitors for weapons. prohibited items in the park include, but are not limited to: alcohol, drones, grills, laser pointers and any type of illegal weapon, explosive or ammunition. “we encourage the public that if you see something suspicious, please say something,” hissrich said. “there will plenty of law enforcement out there in uniform and in plain clothes.” pittsburgh ems and fire, state park rangers and mounted units from the city, county and state will be present. multiple agencies will assist, including allegheny county police, the county sheriff’s office, state police and port authority. the coast guard will enforce no docking and no transit regulations during certain events from aug. 3 to aug. 5. for a full list of events and additional information, go to yougottaregatta.org. temperatures are expected to be well above average with high humidity and heat indexes. in such weather, it is important to limit alcohol intake and drink plenty of water. during the last large event at the point, the fourth of july fireworks show, police made seven arrests: four people for disorderly conduct (fighting), two people for a domestic dispute, and one person for illegally carrying, setting off and throwing fireworks at people downtown. as a reminder, fireworks are not allowed in the park, and city law prohibits the use of any fireworks, even those that are legal, within 150 feet of a structure. 2/8/2018 16:21:10 update: train derails in station square pittsburgh, pa (aug. 5, 2018) —pittsburgh public safety and port authority officials responded to a report of a derailed freight train near the station square t stop on west carson street around 1:09 p.m. sunday. multiple cars on a norfolk southern train derailed; several fell from the train tracks to the port authority t line. public safety officials immediately secured the scene. there were no evacuations, no hazmat concerns, and no injuries. bottles of listerine did spill in the derailment, creating a strong odor. but the mouth-wash is not hazardous. law enforcement closed west carson street and the smithfield street bridge. they remain closed. norfolk southern contractors are tonight bringing in cranes to remove the derailed cars. the work is expected to last up to 72 hours. west carson street will remain closed for the duration of the removal operation. the smithfield street bridge will remain closed through the morning rush hour. commuters are advised to expect delays tomorrow morning. public safety and city of pittsburgh officials urge people to avoid the area while crews work. city crews, including police, fire and ems, will remain on scene all night. questions about the cause of the derailment should be directed towards norfolk southern. 5/8/2018 21:05:44 alert: police arrest carjacking suspects pittsburgh, pa (august 8, 2018) -- pittsburgh police officers arrested several juveniles on carjacking charges -- thanks in large part to help from the public -- including one male teen suspected of a carjacking spree. around 1:45 p.m. on tuesday, aug. 7, zone 4 units responded to a report of a male who had been carjacked in the 7300 block of reynolds street. the 66-year-old victim was assaulted and physically removed from his 2015 blue subaru forrester by three male teens. the victim's car was last seen heading into homewood. while searching for the car, officers asked construction/road crews in the area to keep an eye out for the vehicle. at 4:52 p.m., officers patrolling homewood were flagged down by a construction worker who saw the blue forrester moments before. officers caught-up to the vehicle. a female and four males fled from the vehicle on monticello street near brushton avenue. all five juveniles were located and arrested. the driver was identified as a 14-year-old male who was also arrested on charges he carjacked a vehicle from a 75-year-old male on the 500 block s. murtland avenue on monday. in addition, the 14-year-old is charged in the carjacking of a vehicle from a 70-year-old female on monday in the parking garage at bakery square. high-quality images taken at bakery square show the 14-year-old. police found the shirt the teen was wearing during the bakery square carjacking inside the blue forrester. an alert citizen in frick park photographed the teen and others moments before they carjacked the blue forrester. the teen was wearing the same shirt in those photos as he was during the carjacking in bakery square. the 14-year-old is in shuman juvenile detention center. these arrests were the result of excellent teamwork by zones 4 and 5, k-9, and citizens. 8/8/2018 10:11:48 update: arrest in knoxville fatal shooting for immediate release update: pittsburgh, pa (august 9, 2018) -- on wednesday, august 8, 2018, pittsburgh bureau of police detectives arrested 32-year-old earl jackson in the fatal shooting of an unidentified male in knoxville. the shooting occurred at the intersection of marland street and brownsville road early wednesday afternoon. based on the investigation, detectives determined mr. jackson was a suspect in the shooting and were able to locate him at his home in the 200 block of steuben street. around 7:45 p.m., attempts where made to communicate with mr. jackson and take him into custody. a standoff ensued. the city of pittsburgh swat unit, police negotiators, the crime lab, and the k-9 unit were called to the scene.  during the standoff  there was never an obvious threat to the public. shortly after 11 p.m. and repeated efforts urging mr. jackson to surrender, the pittsburgh swat team entered the structure. mr. jackson was quickly located inside the house and taken into custody without incident. the scene was cleared around 11:45 p.m. earl jackson faces one count of homicide and will be transported to the allegheny county jail. the investigation continues into the shooting. if anyone has any further information, please give homicide detectives a call at 412-323-7800. original release: pittsburgh, pa (august 8, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police homicide detectives are investigating a fatal shooting in the knoxville neighborhood. at approximately 12:50 p.m. on wednesday, august 8, 2018, zone 3 officers responded to the intersection of marland street and brownsville road for a reported shooting. upon arrival, officers observed a male lying on the street suffering from an apparent gunshot wound .  according to initial reports, the victim was involved in an altercation prior to the shooting. the unidentified male victim  was transported to the hospital in critical condition where he was later pronounced deceased. the investigation continues and anyone with information regarding this shooting is urged to give pittsburgh police detectives a call at 412-323-7800. 8/8/2018 14:51:28 arrest: suspect in greenfield shooting in custody f or immediate release pittsburgh, pa (august 10, 2018) - zai quan henderson, 21, of the hazelwood area, has turned himself in to police. he is now in the allegheny county jail facing aggravated assault charges in connection with the august 3rd shooting outside the murray avenue giant eagle in greenfield. (original release) pittsburgh, pa (august 4, 2018) -- pittsburgh police have issued a warrant for a suspect in the aug. 3, 2018 shooting outside the murray avenue giant eagle in greenfield. zai quan henderson, 21, of the hazelwood area, is wanted in connection with the shooting that left two people hospitalized. he should be considered armed and dangerous. anyone with information on henderson’s whereabouts is asked to call pittsburgh police at (412) 323-7800. 4/8/2018 19:33:27 investigation: fatal shooting in lincoln-lemington neighborhood for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (august 12,2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police homicide detectives are investigating a fatal shooting in the lincoln-lemington neighborhood. at approximately 5:33 a.m. on sunday, august 12, 2018, zone 5 officers responded to the 1500 block of lincoln avenue for a shooting. upon arrival, officers observed a deceased female inside a parked silver suv. the body of the unidentified woman was transported to the allegheny county medical examiner’s office. the investigation continues. if anyone has information regarding this fatal shooting, please give homicide detectives a call at 412-323-7800. 12/8/2018 08:34:30 arrest: bedford dwellings shooting suspect in custody for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (august 13, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police detectives have arrested 40-year old lamont pendleton of the hill district in connection with an early morning shooting in the bedford dwellings neighborhood. on monday, august, 13, 2018 at approximately 12:35 a.m., zone 2 officers on patrol observed a shooting along chauncey drive. the suspect, lamont pendleton, fled the scene toward bedford avenue. a short time later, pendleton was detained in the 2400 block of bedford avenue. as pendleton was being taken into police custody, back up officers arriving on the scene located the victim laying on the ground at bedford avenue and somers drive. the unidentified male victim was suffering from a gunshot wound to the abdomen. he was transported to the hospital in critical condition. the victim was been upgraded to stable condition. lamont pendleton is now in the allegheny county jail facing several charges to include criminal attempted homicide and aggravated assault. lamont pendleton 13/8/2018 11:05:10 update: broad street shooting update: pittsburgh, pa (aug. 14, 2018) -- stacey gibson is in custody. she turned herself in to authorities today at 2 p.m. previous update: pittsburgh, pa (aug. 14, 2018) -- update: police have issued an arrest warrant for a suspect in the broad street shooting. stacey gibson, 23, of homewood is wanted on four counts of aggravated assault. anyone with information on gibson's whereabouts is asked to call police at (412) 323-7800. previous release: pittsburgh, pa (august 13, 2018) -- zone 5 officers responded to a report of people shot in the 5600 block of broad street around 8:24 p.m. officers learned there had been a fight involving several young females. during the fight, one of the females pulled out a gun and fired multiple times. four people were shot. two females were taken to a local hospital by ems from the scene. two other people (a male and a female) self-transported to a local hospital. a zone 5 officer applied a tourniquet to the leg of one of the shooting victims on scene. all four victims are stable with minor injuries. police are investigating. 12/8/2018 23:42:31 investigation: three-alarm fire in allentown for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (august 13,2018) -- an investigation is underway into the cause of a three-alarm house fire in the allentown neighborhood. sunday, august 12, 2018 at approximately 10:00 p.m., pittsburgh firefighters, ems and police were dispatched to a three-story unoccupied house at 35 millbridge street for a two-alarm fire. the fire rose to three-alarms as flames spread to an adjacent home and a rear structure. the blaze was brought under control around 11:09 p.m. a firefighter suffered a heat-related illness and was transported to the hospital  in stable condition. also, one resident inside the adjacent home has been displaced. arson detectives were called to the scene to investigate. at this time, the cause of the fire is undetermined pending further investigation. 13/8/2018 00:57:18 officer injured in single-vehicle crash pittsburgh, pa (aug. 14, 2018) -- a pittsburgh bureau of police officer was injured in a single-vehicle crash tuesday morning on the northside. the officer was driving south on east street around 5:46 a.m. when he crashed into a barrier at madison avenue. the officer was transported to a local hospital in stable condition. the officer was the only occupant in the vehicle. no one else was injured. a section of east street which spans the parkway north will remain closed while police investigate the cause of the crash. 14/8/2018 06:57:25 ems chief robert farrow retires after distinguished 43-year career pittsburgh, pa (aug. 14, 2018) – pittsburgh emergency medical services chief robert farrow marked the end of a distinguished career on tuesday, his final day on the job before retiring. “i never aspired to be chief,” said farrow, 61, of stanton heights. “not that i was afraid of the job or didn’t feel i was prepared to do it, it was just something i never thought i’d do. i wasn’t growing up saying, ‘i want to be chief one day.’ it just kind of happened. “it’s been fun. i have no regrets. we have a really great bunch of people, not only in the office but out in the streets, which makes the job much easier. it’s a great dedication we have in ems, with everybody doing what’s right for the mission.” chief farrow started working with pittsburgh ems on june 16, 1975. his institutional knowledge and his patient and nurturing leadership style will be missed, city officials said. "bob farrow personifies public service,” mayor william peduto said. “he was the youngest medic on the job when he started in 1975, worked his way up the ranks, and held every position in the bureau. his amazing career mirrors the proud history of pittsburgh's emergency medical services corps.” public safety director wendell hissrich once served under the leadership of chief farrow. hissrich worked for ems, as a paramedic and crew chief, from 1985 to 1990 before starting a 25-year career with the fbi. he said farrow was always calm in the face of chaos, and served as a mentor to countless first responders. “chief farrow was my one of my first immediate supervisors in my public safety career of 40 years,” hissrich said. “he still ranks as one of my most-respected supervisors. his knowledge, fairness and calmness during times of chaos exemplifies leadership qualities that should be replicated by all in public safety. “you always remember the good ones and bob was one of the best. that includes the fbi and (pittsburgh) public safety. … he gets the job done and is well-respected. he will be a big loss.” mayor peduto has named ronald romano acting ems chief. romano, 61, of stanton heights, started working for pittsburgh ems on march 27, 1978. the city of pittsburgh thanks chief farrow for his four-plus decades of exemplary service. 14/8/2018 15:19:19 test this is a test. this is only a test. 15/8/2018 15:39:37 alert: search for north shore burglary suspect for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (august 16, 2018) -- pittsburgh police zone 1 detectives are asking for the public’s assistance in identifying a burglary suspect that struck a north shore business this week. on tuesday, august 14, 2018, at approximately 6:45 a.m., an unidentified person threw a large rock through the glass door of the sports fan store, located in the 200 block of federal street. the male suspect entered the store and stole several pittsburgh steelers shirts valued at approximately $2,500.00. if anyone has information on the burglary or can identify the person in this survieillance video, please contact zone 1 detectives at 412-323-7201. link to surveillance video:     16/8/2018 16:27:48 alert: north side vehicle break-ins for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (august 16, 2018) -- pittsburgh police zone 1 officers are reminding north side residents to remain vigilant in securing their vehicles. this reminder follows a recent number of vehicle break-ins. there have been several reports of vehicle break-ins between august 6th and august 14th. the break-ins have occurred in brighton heights, perry north, and marshall-shadeland. based on the investigation, the actors are primarily stealing stereo equipment, tv monitors, and other items. detectives are asking for the public’s assistance in identifying a suspect in one of the incidents. anyone with information is urged to call zone 1 officers at 412-323-7201. 16/8/2018 19:28:10 update: three-alarm house fire in carrick for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (august 21, 2018) -- on tuesday, august 21, 2018 at approximately 1:00 p.m., demolition and excavating crews discovered an unidentified body in the rubble of a house that caught fire early saturday morning in carrick. the three-alarm fire happened on saturday, august 18, 2018, in the 1600 block of leolyn street. upon arrival, firefighters immediately began to battle heavy flames and search for any occupants inside the home. before the roof on the structure collapsed, one woman managed to escape the burning house by jumping to safety. she was transported to the hospital in stable condition. the unidentified body was taken to the allegheny county medical examiner’s office. the cause of the fire remains under investigation. anyone with information of this fire should call fire investigators at 412-323-7800. 21/8/2018 16:30:41 update: investigation into three-alarm house fire in carrick update (revised) for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (august 21, 2018) -- on tuesday, august 21, 2018 at approximately 1:00 p.m., pittsburgh public safety fire investigators discovered an unidentified body as they searched through the rubble of a house fire that occurred early saturday morning in in the 1600 block of leolyn street, carrick. since saturday, august 18, 2018, fire investigators have been combing through the debris as part of this ongoing investigation. under the direction of the fire investigators, heavy equipment was brought in to assist with the demolition of the unstable building. the unidentified body was transported to the allegheny county medical examiner’s office. the cause of the fire remains under investigation. background: flames broke out inside the home on 1600 block of leolyn street at approximately 3:00 a.m. on saturday, august 18th. upon arrival, firefighters immediately began to battle heavy flames and search for any occupants inside the home. before the roof on the structure collapsed, one woman managed to escape the burning house by jumping to safety. she was transported to the hospital in stable condition. anyone with information of this fire should call fire investigators at 412-323-7800. 21/8/2018 17:58:29 update: three-alarm house fire in carrick for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (august 21, 2018) -- on tuesday, august 21, 2018 at approximately 1:00 p.m., demolition and excavating crews discovered an unidentified body in the rubble of a house that caught fire early saturday morning in carrick. the three-alarm fire happened on saturday, august 18, 2018, in the 1600 block of leolyn street. upon arrival, firefighters immediately began to battle heavy flames and search for any occupants inside the home. before the roof on the structure collapsed, one woman managed to escape the burning house by jumping to safety. she was transported to the hospital in stable condition. the unidentified body was taken to the allegheny county medical examiner’s office. the cause of the fire remains under investigation. anyone with information of this fire should call fire investigators at 412-323-7800. 21/8/2018 16:30:32 police announce school bus stop and zone blitz pittsburgh, pa (august 23, 2018) -- pittsburgh public schools will reopen their doors to students tomorrow, aug. 24, to all levels except kindergarten, 10th and 11th grades. school resumes for all grade levels on monday. to prepare for the new school year, pittsburgh bureau of police officers will conduct a school bus stop and zone blitz, in which officers will actively look for and ticket motorists who pass a school bus with its red lights activated or who speed in school zones. the fine for passing a school bus with red lights activated is $250 plus $87 in court costs; 5 points assessed to their license; and a 60-day driver’s license suspension. the fine for speeding in a marked school zone is $35 plus $87 in court costs for up to 5 mph over the speed limit; $35 plus $87 in court costs plus $2 per mile over the limit for six to 11 mph over the speed limit; and $500 plus $87 in court costs for more than 11 mph over the speed limit. additionally, police ask drivers dropping off and picking up students to know and comply with each schools’ policies for such activities.  drivers are also asked to follow parking restrictions on neighborhood streets while dropping off and picking up children. the pittsburgh bureau of police thanks everyone for driving safely and looking out for the welfare of our youngest lives. 23/8/2018 18:00:22 update: police make arrest in 1-year-old's death pittsburgh, pa (august 24, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police detectives arrested a 23-year-old east hills woman this evening on a criminal homicide charge in connection to the death of her 17-month-old daughter. on april 5, 2018, zone 5 officers responded to the home of jhenea pratt, 23, after pratt called 911 around 6:08 p.m. to say her daughter was unresponsive. officers performed cpr on the baby until medics arrived and transported her to children’s hospital. the baby girl, charlette napper-talley, was pronounced dead at the hospital. though the course of the investigation, it was determined that fentanyl was present in the baby’s sippy cup, which police found on her bed, and in her system. pratt was arrested tonight and will soon be transported from police headquarters to the allegheny county jail, where she will be charged with criminal homicide and endangering the welfare of a child. 24/8/2018 22:19:39 investigation: search for north side burglary suspect for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (august 24, 2018) - pittsburgh police zone 1 detectives are asking for the public’s assistance in identifying a burglary suspect. an unidentified male,caught on surveillance video, is suspected in several burglaries on the city’s north side. this video was captured on august 10, 2018 when a burglary occurred at the bear dog bicycles shop on western avenue at galveston avenue, in the allegheny west neighborhood. if you can help identify this individual or have information on his whereabouts, please give zone 1 detectives a call at 412-323-7201. link to the surveillance video:   24/8/2018 16:59:43 pittsburgh receives grant for lifesaving equipment pittsburgh, pa (august 24, 2018) – the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department and three other western pa. first responder organizations received grants today from firehouse subs public safety foundation totalling $54,334. pittsburgh public safety received equipment for its community emergency response team (cert), including 150 cert kits, 150 safety vests, 150 disaster preparedness starter kits and 20 personal bleeding control kits valued at $18,922. "community emergency response teams assist as an integral part of a larger system that promotes safer, stronger neighborhoods and communities,” said barbara m. morello, supervisor/cert instructor with pittsburgh’s public safety department. “the cert program helps to train individuals in the local community to be better prepared to respond to an emergency situation in their home, school, or workplace. by placing the focus on an all-hazards approach of preparedness planning efforts on capacities and capabilities in public safety, increasing awareness to reach a whole community approach ultimately mitigates the consequences of a disaster." also receiving grants were: moon volunteer fire department, which received equipment for its rescue truck valued at $12,803; north fayette township volunteer fire department, which received a gear washer valued at $11,519; and west deer volunteer fire company #2, which received a brush skid unit valued at $11,090. “we want to thank our donors who help us provide these lifesaving tools,” said firehouse subs public safety foundation executive director robin peters. “our first responders are our heroes and we want to be sure they have the tools and technology they need to protect their communities.” pittsburgh public safety director wendell hissrich attended the grant ceremony today at the firehouse subs in robinson town centre with morello, pittsburgh police chief scott schubert and assistant public safety director shatara murphy. hissrich noted that the grant allows public safety to allocate $18,922 to other pressing needs, and called the grant “incredibly valuable and important.” firehouse subs public safety foundation was created in 2005 in the aftermath of hurricane katrina when firehouse subs founders, chris sorensen and robin sorensen, travelled to mississippi to provide food to first responders and hurricane survivors. certain they could do more, they started firehouse subs public safety foundation with the mission of providing funding, lifesaving equipment and educational opportunities to first responders and public safety departments. the non-profit has granted more than $35 million to organizations in 47 states, puerto rico and canada, including $581,000 in pennsylvania, since its inception. for more information, go to firehousesubsfoundation.org. (photos: pittsburgh public safety) 24/8/2018 14:36:04 police arrest armed robbery suspect pittsburgh, pa (august 26, 2018) -- zone 3 officers responded to a call last night, aug. 25, around 9 p.m., of an armed robbery at the rite aid on the 200 block of virginia avenue. as a result of the investigation, it was determined that a male adult entered the store, approached a clerk, demanded money and threatened to shoot the clerk. the suspect displayed a pistol in his waistband. the clerk handed over an undisclosed amount of money. the suspect fled. police responded, and a witness approached officers with information on a possible suspect. based on that information, officers went to a home on greenbush street and found the suspect on the sidewalk. other witnesses provided positive identification of the suspect. video surveillance from the store also showed the suspect. as a result of the investigation, randy keller, 48, of beltzhoover was arrested and charged with robbery. this arrest is a reminder of the importance of community and witness cooperation as an essential piece in violent crime investigations. as major crimes commander victor joseph told the media earlier this month: “it is no secret that when the community cooperates with law enforcement, those perpetrating violent crimes are held accountable for their actions. … the value of this type of trust and cooperation cannot be overstated. it sets the community norms as to what types of behavior will not be tolerated by the community, thus reducing the number of violent crimes in that community.” 26/8/2018 15:05:14 arrests: multiple arrests in sting operation to reduce sex trafficking for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (august 30, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police narcotics and vice detectives have made multiple arrests as part of an ongoing national effort to reduce sex trafficking. the 16th national johns suppression initiative (njsi) ran from july 28th to august 22nd. pittsburgh detectives joined 23 other law enforcement agencies across 12 states in this national sting which targeted sex buyers. the national johns suppression initiative was started in 2011 in cook county,. illinois. since that time, a national coalition of participating law enforcement agencies annually conduct sting operations to deter sex trafficking. this initiative is one component of the pittsburgh police bureau’s ongoing effort to address sex trafficking in the city of pittsburgh. according to commander reyne kacsuta, “ it was important for us to participate in this initiative because our goal is to locate victims of sex trafficking and be responsive to complaints from our neighborhood residents.” pittsburgh police detectives have been a part of this initiative for several years. in 2017, detectives arrested 17 sex buyers. during this year’s sting, a combination of strategies were employed to arrest 27 johns or persons patronizing prostitution. in addition, 12 prostitution arrests were made along with one arrest for promoting prostitution. “these arrests will further enhance the quality of life in our city’s business and residential area,” states commander kacsuta.the local police efforts to reduce sex trafficking and identify victims will continue throughout the city of pittsburgh. 31/8/2018 10:13:50 police seek help identifying person of interest pittsburgh, pa (august 31, 2018) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police’s violent crimes unit seeks the public’s assistance in identifying a person of interest in an aug. 10, 2018 shooting. the male in the images below is wanted for questioning in a shooting that occurred in the 1700 block of belleau drive in the early morning hours of august 10. anyone with information on the man’s identity or whereabouts is asked to contact the violent crime unit at (412) 323-7161. 31/8/2018 17:09:17 arrest: search ends for suspect in brookline standoff for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (september 4, 2018) - pittsburgh police arrested 28-year-old peter stepanovich of brookline in connection with a violent domestic incident and standoff in the 1500 block of chelton avenue. on sunday, september 2, 2018, around 4:45 p.m., zone 6 police officers were dispatched for a domestic violence report concerning an altercation between a man and woman inside a home on chelton avenue. according to the initial investigation, the woman had visible injuries and police had reason to believe peter stepanovich was armed with a weapon. officers surrounded the house and summoned stepanovich to surrender. stepanovich refused to come out, ran inside the structure,  and eventually fled the house. the city of pittsburgh swat team was called to the scene to search the home and area for stepanovich. the neighborhood was secured as the search for stepanovich got underway. he was later located at a local hospital. this morning  (9/4) at approximately 3:15 a.m. , police arrested stepanovich as he was being released from the hospital. he was taken into custody without incident and transported to the allegheny county jail where he faces several charges to include aggravated assault, unlawful restraint, and recklessly endangering another person. 4/9/2018 15:36:09 search for north side burglary suspects for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (september 4, 2018) - zone 1 police detectives are asking for the public’s assistance in identifying a suspect(s) wanted in connection with several business burglaries last month on the north side. four burglaries have occurred between august 10th and august 20, 2018 at various locations.  if anyone can help identify the suspect(s) in the videos or pictures, please give zone 1 detectives a call at 412-323-7201. 1) previous release:  on friday august 10th, an unidentified male , caught on surveillance video, is suspected in connection with a burglary that occurred at the bear dog bicycles shop on western avenue at galveston avenue, in the allegheny west neighborhood. in the early morning hours, the actor broke the window of the store and fled with a bicycle. link to surveillance video:   2) previous release: on tuesday, august 14, 2018, at approximately 6:45 a.m., an unidentified person threw a large rock through the glass door of the pittsburgh fan store, located in the 200 block of federal street, north shore. the male suspect entered the store and stole several pittsburgh steelers shirts valued at approximately $2,500.00. link to surveillance video:  3) on tuesday, august 14th, at approximately 3:00 a.m., officers responded to the wine and spirits store in the 400 block of east ohio street for a burglar alarm. upon arrival, they saw that the front window of the store had been smashed out. upon further investigation it was revealed that an unidentified male threw an object through the window and made off with several bottles of liquor. the actor was captured riding a bicycle and was last seen on foot on east ohio street headed towards cedar avenue. 4) on monday, august 20th, zone 1 officers responded to the cardello building, located in the 1500 block of reedsdale street, for a business burglary. upon further investigation, it was determined that on sunday, august 19th at approximately 2:30 a.m., an unidentified male gained entry into the cardello building and forced entry into the offices. the suspect fled with an undisclosed amount of cash, computer equipment, and office equipment. 4/9/2018 18:50:36 police seek help identifying robbery suspect pittsburgh, pa (september 4, 2018) – pittsburgh police detectives seek the public’s help in identifying an armed robbery suspect. the man pictured below is suspected of robbing a 7-eleven store on bigelow square around 7:26 p.m. on aug. 29. the suspect tried to leave the store with $350 of cell phone chargers and ear buds. a store employee confronted him and the suspect pulled a gun from his waistband and pointed it at the employee as he left the store. the suspect is about 6’1 with a thin frame and is believed to be in his 30s. anyone with information on his identity or whereabouts is asked to call robbery detectives brust or kertis at (412) 323-7161. 4/9/2018 11:20:15 update: one person dies, another person injured in east hills shooting for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (september 4, 2018) - on tuesday, september 6, 2018 at approximately 2:15 a.m., zone 5 police officers responded to a shot spotter alert in the 7900 block of frankstown avenue in east hills. upon arrival, officers observed a man lying outside a bar suffering from a gunshot wound. also, inside the establishment, officers observed a woman with a gunshot wound. the male victim was transported to the hospital in critical condition where he was later pronounced deceased. the woman was transported to the hospital in stable condition. the preliminary investigation revealed the shooting occurred outside the bar as an unidentified male actor approached the male victim and began firing gunshots. one of the bullets traveled into the bar and struck the woman. no other injuries were reported. the investigation continues into this fatal shooting. if anyone has information, please give police a call at 412-323-7800. 4/9/2018 11:50:38 arrest: convenience store armed robbery suspect in custody correction: the suspect's last name is lewis, not allen. public safety apolgizes for the error. for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (september 5, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police detectives have made an arrest in connection with an armed robbery and stabbing at the smithfield news convenience store, located on the 100 block of smithfield street. today, at approximately 11:02 a.m., 46-year-old timi (timothy) lamar lewis was located by pittsburgh bureau of police detectives near sixth avenue and smithfield street. allen was taken into custody without incident. the investigation revealed that on sunday, september 2, 2018 at approximately 2:15 a.m., the suspect approached the cash register, pulled out a knife, and began taking money from an open cash drawer. the store employee attempted to fight him off and was stabbed during the altercation. the suspect left  the store with an undisclosed amount of cash. the store employee was transported to the hospital in stable condition with multiple stab wounds. timi lamar lewis is in the allegheny county jail facing charges to include aggravated assault, robbery, and possessing instruments of crime. 5/9/2018 14:14:20 public safety announces plans for pitt-psu game pittsburgh, pa (september 6, 2018) -- while two traditional, in-state football rivals battle it out on the field saturday night at heinz field, pittsburgh public safety and several partner law enforcement agencies will work closely to ensure a safe and enjoyable experience for all fans attending the 99th contest between the university of pittsburgh and penn state university. the university of pittsburgh issued the following statement regarding traffic and parking policies for the north shore on saturday:  the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department adds that law enforcement officials, in plainclothes and in uniform, will be present to enforce director wendell hissrich’s zero-tolerance policy for disorderly conduct, fighting, public intoxication, underage drinking, or any type of violence. “in 2016 when pitt and penn state last played in pittsburgh, fans were courteous and well-behaved,” hissrich said. “we hope and anticipate that they will replicate that good behavior this year.” pittsburgh public safety will work closely with pitt police, heinz field security, the allegheny county sheriff’s office and others in law enforcement before, during and after the 8 p.m. kickoff. note: officials urge fans inside the stadium not to rush the field at the end of the game -- for the players’ safety, fans’ safety and law enforcement’s safety. anyone who does will be arrested and prosecuted. in addition, pitt police will have enhanced patrols in oakland and on campus. fortunately, the current heat wave is expected to break before game time. temperatures are forecast to feel more autumn-like on saturday with highs in the 60s. however, rain could be in the forecast. pittsburgh ems and fire, state park rangers and mounted units from the city and state will be present to assist with crowd control and ensure crowd safety. the north shore will be busy saturday as the pirates have a day game followed by the pitt-psu game. public safety urges all who attend to behave responsibly and courteously, no matter which team wins. 6/9/2018 15:51:15 police seek help identifying rib fest thieves pittsburgh, pa (september7, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police detectives seek the public’s help in identifying two men associated with a vehicle break-in and theft at the rib fest on sunday, sept. 2. the men are suspected of breaking into a rib vendor’s car in a lot outside heinz field around 4 p.m.. footage recovered from the area, as seen below, includes a still image of one suspect in a yellow shirt in the parking lot, and video showing two men on the north side t station platform. in the video, the man with the yellow shirt removes his shirt before walking off screen, while his suspected accomplice is seen carrying a red backpack containing the money stolen from the vendor. anyone with information on the suspects’ identity or whereabouts is asked to call detective daniel dulski at zone 1 at (412) 323-7201. video can be viewed here:  7/9/2018 15:24:29 arrest made in east hills fatal shooting pittsburgh, pa (september 7, 2018) – authorities arrested a wilkinsburg man today in connection to a fatal shooting on tuesday, sept. 4, in east hills. members of the u.s. marshal's western pa fugitive task force and pittsburgh police narcotics and vice detectives arrested timothy noel jr, 37, at his residence today. noel is charged with criminal homicide, aggravated assault, carrying a firearm without a license and other gun charges. noel was wanted for a shooting outside lady di’s bar on the 7900 block of frankstown avenue in which one man was killed and a woman was injured. (photo of timothy noel jr) 7/9/2018 16:34:09 pitt-penn state round-up pittsburgh, pa (september 9, 2018) – during the pitt-penn state football game at heinz field last night, september 8, 2018: -- ems reported a total of 33 patient contacts, 16 of which required transport to local hospitals. most calls were for intoxication. -- police reported no arrests and no major incidents. public safety thanks everyone for contributing to a great evening of watching student athletes at heinz field. 9/9/2018 02:04:18 update: zone 4 detectives identify suspect in attempted robbery update: pittsburgh, pa (sept. 11, 2018) -- zone 4  detectives have identified the suspect in a july 30 attempted robbery in oakland. police have issued a warrant for abdul kenyatta thrower, 45, of the north side. anyone with information on thrower's whereabouts is asked to call zone 4 police at (412) 422-6520. thrower is pictured below. previous release: pittsburgh, pa (august 10, 2018) – pittsburgh police detectives are seeking the public’s help in identifying an attempted robbery suspect. the male in the accompanying photos is wanted in connection to an attempted robbery on july 30 in oakland. around 9:30 p.m. that day, the suspect followed a female into her apartment building and then to her apartment door. he waited for the victim to open her door, then pushed her into her apartment. the suspect tried to take the victim’s wallet and cell phone, but the victim and her roommate, who was already in the apartment, began to scream. the suspect fled. anyone with information on the suspect’s identity or whereabouts is asked to call zone 4 police at (412) 422-6520. 10/8/2018 16:33:41 seven injured at circus pittsburgh, pa (september 16, 2018) – six children and one adult sustained injuries around 3:28 p.m. sunday at ppg arena during a performance of the shrine circus after a camel became "spooked" and bucked. five children were transported to children’s hospital of upmc with minor injuries, and one child was taken to upmc mercy with a fractured arm, which was the most serious injury. one adult was also transported to a local hospital with minor injuries. as a regular feature of the shrine circus, children are allowed to ride tethered animals led by qualified handlers during the intermission. in this incident, children and an adult were riding a camel on the main floor of ppg arena when the camel, for reasons that remain unknown, got spooked and bucked. handlers regained control of the camel within 11 seconds. ems, which was already on scene for the event, responded at once and provided medical treatment to the injured. police and public safety officials also responded. the circus continued with no further incidents reported. no other animals on the arena floor were affected by the incident. no animals were injured and all animals, including the camel, were checked out and cleared by a veterinarian. pittsburgh police and the shrine circus are reviewing the incident. 16/9/2018 20:51:16 investigation: several people and vehicles struck with paintballs in various communities pittsburgh, pa (september 18, 2018) --  pittsburgh bureau of police zone detectives are actively investigating several paintball shootings that occurred in various locations between approximately 7:00 a.m. and 8:30 a.m. on tuesday, september 18, 2018. in all, six people and at least three vehicles were struck with paintballs. according to initial police reports, victims stated a paintball gun was fired from a blue-colored car. the make and descriptions of the car varied. the vehicle was occupied by several males at the times of the shooting. zone 3 incidents: at approximately 7:10 a.m., a 17-year-old female was struck in the face with a paintball at the intersection of e. warrington avenue and beltzhoover avenue. she was transported to the hospital for treatment. around 7:12 a.m., three vehicles in the 200 block of cedarhurst street were damaged by paintballs. zone 5 incidents: at 7:45 a.m., officers responded to the intersection of lincoln avenue and lemington avenue. a 60-year-old female victim was shot with a paintball as she walked to a nearby bus stop. she was transported to the hospital for treatment. around 7:50 a.m., a 13-year-old female victim and a 52-year old female victim were shot with paintballs at the intersection of lincoln avenue and lyric street. both victims were evaluated at the scene and refused medical treatment. shortly before 8 a.m., a 44-year-old female victim was struck with a paintball at the intersection of lincoln avenue and shetland avenue. the victim was evaluated by medics on the scene. zone 1 incident: at approximately 8:16 a.m., zone 1 officers were dispatched to the 2700 block of spring garden avenue for a male victim who was hit in the arm with a paintball. upon arrival, the victim left the scene. police are asking anyone with information on these paintball incidents to give them a call. zone 3 can be reached at 412-488-8326; zone 5 can be reached at 412-665-3605; and zone 1 can be reached at 412-323-7201. 18/9/2018 13:45:12 police investigating bus crash pittsburgh, pa (sept. 24, 2018) -- pittsburgh ems, fire and police, and port authority police responded to a vehicle collision between a port authority bus and an suv at the intersection of bennet street and n. dallas avenue shortly after 1 a.m. monday morning. six people were transported to local hospitals: five to upmc presbyterian and one to upmc mercy. the bus driver, who had to be extricated from the wreckage with the jaws of life, was taken to mercy. four bus passengers and the suv driver were injured and taken to presby. one victim was in critical condition, three were in moderate condition and two had minor injuries. pittsburgh police crash investigation unit is assisting the port authority in the investigation. 24/9/2018 04:26:38 alert: search for missing woman for immediate release update: pittsburgh, pa (october 4, 2018) -- the search continues for 35-year-old jessica young. pittsburgh bureau of police missing persons detectives are asking for the public's help in locating her. to assist in the search, detectives have provided another picture of her. if anyone has seen ms. young, please contact missing persons detectives at 412-323-7142. (original release) pittsburgh, pa (september 25, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police missing persons detectives are asking for the public’s assistance in locating 35-year-old jessica young.  ms. young was last seen leaving a residence in the lincoln-lemington neighborhood at approximately 11:30 p.m. on wednesday, september 12, 2018.  if anyone has information on jessica young’s whereabouts, please contact missing persons detectives at 412-323-7142. missing: jessica young 25/9/2018 12:41:36 arrest: suspect in mellon park shooting in custody for immediate release update: pittsburgh, pa (september 30, 2018) --anthony lamont hines, jr. is now in the allegheny county jail. the u.s. marshals service fugitive task force arrested him without incident in monroeville at approximately 2:11 p.m. on sunday, september 30, 2018. anthony lamont hines, jr.  faces several charges to include criminal attempt homicide, aggravated assault, recklessly endangering another person, firearms violations and a violation of an active pfa. the pittsburgh bureau of police would like to thank the public for the help detectives received in tracking down this suspect. several eyewitnesses came forward and provided invaluable information that led to the successful identification and capture of hines, jr. our community is stronger and safer when police and residents work together to fight crime. (original release) pittsburgh, pa (september 29, 2018) --  pittsburgh bureau of police group violence intervention and violent crimes detectives have obtained an arrest warrant for anthony lamont hines, jr. for the attempted murder of a youth league football coach at mellon park. hines, jr.  is considered armed and dangerous. on friday, september 28, 2018 at approximately 7:00 p.m., officers responded to the park in the 6500 block of fifth avenue for a reported shooting. upon further investigation, it was revealed that the suspect, now identified as anthony lamont hines, jr., walked onto the field where a group of youth, ages 7-12 years old, were holding football practice. hines jr.,  a known acquaintance of the team, approached the coach and a verbal altercation ensued. according to eyewitnesses, hines, jr.  then shot the coach and fled the scene. the unnamed coach suffered multiple gunshot wounds and was transported to the hospital by private means. the coach was listed in stable condition with non-life threatening injuries. anthony lamont hines, jr.  faces several charges to include criminal attempt homicide, aggravated assault, recklessly endangering another person, firearms violations and a violation of an active pfa. again, hines, jr.  is considered armed and dangerous. anyone with information on his whereabouts is asked to call police at 412-323-7800. anthony lamont hines, jr. 29/9/2018 19:42:23 wrap-up: 2018 richard s. caliguiri city of pittsburgh great race for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (september 30, 2018) -- the city of pittsburgh public safety department wants to thank everyone for helping to make the 41st annual richard s. caliguiri city of pittsburgh great race a success. your participation, cooperation, and patience helped to ensure the safety of participants, event staff, and attendees. here is the public safety department break-down of incidents: police reported there were no major incidents. with regard to vehicles parked along the race route, 41 citations were issues and 36 vehicles were towed. ems reported that eight runners were treated on the scene for minor injuries. a 61-year-old male went into cardiac arrest approximately 20-30 yards away from the finish line. thanks to the quick response of ems and doctors, he was successfully resuscitated and transported to the hospital in critical condition. in all, ems transported four patients to the hospital. congratulations to the winners and race participants. see you next year! 30/9/2018 14:50:55 rescues during heavy rains and flooding for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (october 4, 2018) -- heavy rains in the city of pittsburgh this evening caused flooding on many roadways. the quick response of pittsburgh police, fire, and ems crews prevented most cars from entering flooded areas, however many drivers attempted to drive through standing water. as a result, public safety officials performed many rescue missions, including at the following locations: — 2300 block of idlewood road, east carnegie. two vehicles with one person inside each vehicle. — banksville road at potomac avenue, banksville. one person inside one vehicle. — rt. 51 at edgebrook avenue, brookline/carrick. one person inside one vehicle. — glass run road and mifflin road, hays. one person inside one vehicle. — morange road at chartiers ave. one person rescued from a floating vehicle. public safety director wendell hissrich reminds motorists to never drive through standing water. when it rains, flooding is possible. even a couple feet of rushing water can move and carry a car, creating a dangerous situation for motorists and rescuers. 4/10/2018 20:25:59 investigation: male dies after falling from a campus residence hall window for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (october 5, 2018) -- pittsburgh police are investigating the death of an unidentified male who reportedly jumped from a 16th floor window of a private residence hall located on the campus of duquesne university.. at approximately 10:31 p.m., pittsburgh police responded to the campus building located on the 700 block of forbes avenue. according to the initial report, campus police were dispatched to the 16th floor of the building for a disturbance. as campus police were on the scene, the male jumped from a window. he was transported to the hospital in very critical condition where he was later pronounced deceased. the investigation is ongoing. if anyone has information about this incident, please give pittsburgh police detectives a call at 412-323-7800. 5/10/2018 00:57:42 circus incident investigation concludes pittsburgh, pa (october 5, 2018) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police concluded its investigation into an incident sept. 16, 2018 at the shrine circus at ppg paints arena in which several children were injured while riding a camel. investigators interviewed witnesses and victims, and reviewed video. according to the investigation: several children were riding a camel during the circus intermission. a carriage seat somehow loosened, causing children to fall off. a handler saw the children falling and rushed in to help. in doing so, he dropped an instrument – possibly a shovel – which clattered on the floor and caused the camel to “spook” and buck. no charges will result from the incident, which appears to have been an unfortunate accident. the united states department of agriculture also investigated. 5/10/2018 13:43:35 update: public safety responds to six students hit by vehicle update: pittsburgh, pa (oct. 10,2018) – a seventh victim in the centre avenue incident yesterday, who did not need immediate medical help on scene, was treated at a local hospital today. pittsburgh bureau of police detectives will interview the victim, as they have the other victims. regarding the driver of the vehicle, it does not appear that this incident was malicious. rather, it appears the driver might have been trying to show off in the car and somehow lost control of the vehicle. the driver had a learner’s permit and should not have not have been operating the vehicle without an adult passenger. the passenger in the vehicle yesterday was not an adult. no charges have been filed at this time. police are continuing to investigate. fortunately, none of the students’ injuries were life-threatening. but this could have been far worse, which is why public safety every year reminds motorists to drive carefully, especially in school zones. at the beginning of this school year, pittsburgh bureau of police officers conducted a school bus stop and zone blitz, during which officers actively sought and ticketed motorists who passed a school bus with its red lights activated or who sped in school zones. officers continue to actively police those zones. this incident was a reminder that motor vehicles are not toys. they should always be operated legally and with great care. and we all need to be particularly vigilant in school zones. it's true that this incident could have been far worse, but it never should have happened at all. for that reason, we urge everyone to please drive safely. original release: pittsburgh, pa (oct. 9, 2018) – six pittsburgh public schools students were injured tuesday afternoon when they were struck by a vehicle on centre avenue in the hill district. pittsburgh ems, fire and police and pittsburgh public schools police responded to the intersection of centre avenue and ewart drive around 2:45 p.m. four students were taken to children’s hospital of pittsburgh of upmc and two were taken to upmc presbyterian hospital. none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening. one student was transported in serious condition, the others in stable condition. the students, all in high school, are from nearby university prep 6-12. the driver, a teenage female student who also attends university prep, and a male passenger initially fled the scene, but later returned. police detectives took them in for questioning. no charges have been filed at this time. pittsburgh police’s collision investigation unit is investigating the crash scene, and pittsburgh police violent crimes unit detectives are interviewing witnesses and suspects. 9/10/2018 18:09:59 public safety city wide meeting to discuss human trafficking pittsburgh, pa (oct. 10, 2018) -- the city of pittsburgh's public safety department will hold its fall 2018 city wide meeting on oct. 17 to discuss "the state of human trafficking: the pittsburgh region." every day, adults and children are forced into prostitution, the sex trade, and domestic and field labor. law enforcement officials battling human trafficking on a daily basis will educate attendees on this modern-day slave trade, and inform the public about ways in which everyone can make their communities safer. "human trafficking is one of the most underreported crimes across our cities,” said john tokarski, coordinator of community outreach and education. “people often believe it only happens in other countries or in port cities. much to their surprise and disgust, it's often going on right in their own communities without detection. that's why it's important for the public to be educated about the statistics, the impact and the consequences of this crime." the event is sponsored by the city of pittsburgh's public safety zone councils and the department of public safety. event details: when: oct. 17, 2018 (light dinner served at 6 p.m., meeting begins at 6:30 p.m.) where: 2801 n. charles st, pittsburgh, pa 15214 media: welcome to attend. please rsvp to public safety pio chris togneri at chris.togneri@pittsburghpa.gov . 10/10/2018 11:46:42 pittsburgh police unveil breast cancer awareness decals pittsburgh, pa (oct. 11, 2018) -- in honor of breast cancer awareness month , pittsburgh bureau of police officials are placing pink decals on vehicles to show support for all who have been affected by this terrible disease. the decals started going on patrol vehicles and motorcycles yesterday. in addition, officers can buy pittsburgh police "find a cure" patches. october is breast cancer awareness month. the decals are the latest in a series of decals showing support for various communities in pittsburgh. “over the years the local community has supported the pittsburgh bureau of police in so many ways,” said commander eric holmes. “as we thought about the partnerships our bureau has been actively involved in on so many levels, we sought to find a new way to display our support for the citizens we are entrusted to protect and serve. “with this effort in mind and from seeing it done in countless other law enforcement agencies across the country, we started showing our commitment to partnership by displaying a ‘community support decal’ on some of our police vehicles. first vehicle services has been a valued partner in this outreach effort.” other decals have or will be displayed for: police memorial week, the special olympics, pittsburgh pride, autism awareness, domestic violence awareness, and st. patrick’s day. “each day the pittsburgh bureau of police strives to connect with and engage with in a positive way the communities we serve,” holmes added. “the fleet community outreach program is just another way to show our commitment to serving and supporting others.” 11/10/2018 17:02:47 police seeking help identifying office building burglars pittsburgh, pa (oct. 11, 2018) -- pittsburgh police detectives are looking for two suspects believed to be involved in a series of downtown office thefts. the burglars hit five offices downtown in september (on sept. 17 and sept. 28). in each case, it appears the suspects pried open a locked exterior door to gain access. in addition, findlay twp. police believe these same two men burglarized an office building there, on sept. 28. security video has captured multiple images of the suspects. if anyone has information about the two men in these photos, please call zone 2 detectives at 412-255-2827. (above photos from pbp) (above photos from findlay twp. police) 11/10/2018 16:48:31 investigation: search for business burglary suspect for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (october 16, 2018) -- zone 1 police detectives are asking for the public’s assistance in identifying a person wanted in connection with a business burglary on the city’s north shore. on october 7, 2018, between 8:55 p.m. - 9:05 p.m., the male suspect used a 2x4 piece of wood to gain entry into the sms group north american headquarters on sandusky street. it remains undetermined as to whether the suspect got away with any items of significance, but he caused substantial damage to the building and inside the office. if anyone can help identify this man and his whereabouts, please give zone 1 detectives a call at 412-323-7201. 16/10/2018 16:07:25 alert: search for missing uptown woman for immediate release update (october 17, 2018) -- ms. gari pannell has been located. she was found today and is now safe and receiving the medical treatment she needs. pittsburgh police missing persons detectives want to thank the public for assistance in locating her. (original release) pittsburgh, pa (october 16, 2018) -- pittsburgh police missing persons detectives are requesting assistance in locating 62-year-old gari pannell. ms. pannell was last seen leaving her home in the uptown neighborhood around 9:30 a.m., tuesday, october 16, 2018. ms. pannell suffers from an undisclosed medical condition and uses a walker. this morning, she was reportedly headed to oakland but is known to have medical appointments in bloomfield.  she is described as being 5’7” tall, weighs approximately 170 pounds, with blonde hair and brown eyes. if anyone has seen gari pannell or has information on her whereabouts, please call pittsburgh missing persons detectives at 412-323-7142. 16/10/2018 20:57:07 police arrest suspects in east liberty homicide pittsburgh, pa (oct. 18, 2018) – pittsburgh bureau of police officials on thursday arrested d’ambrosse garland, 18, and timothy walls, 17, for the murder of patrick adesanya, 56, of lincoln lemmington. on saturday, oct. 13, 2018, adesanya was shot in the back on the 100 block of north st. clair avenue in east liberty while delivering a pizza from domino's. the pbp violent crime unit arrested the two males with the assistance of multiple divisions within the bureau and partner law enforcement agencies, including: pittsburgh police intelligence unit, narcotics and vice, and swat, plus the us marshals western pennsylvania fugitive task force and the allegheny county district attorney’s office. police traced the suspects to a location in lincoln-lemington around 5 p.m. today, where they took both males into custody. garland and walls face charges of homicide, robbery, conspiracy and gun charges. walls will be charged as an adult. police would like to thank the public for help in assisting officers with this investigation. when residents come forward to help police with investigations, police work is significantly more effective and communities are safer. (d’ambrosse garland) 18/10/2018 22:36:46 alert: downtown road closures saturday pittsburgh, pa – (oct. 19. 2018) – several downtown streets will be closed saturday morning while crews install duquesne light transformers at ppg1. road closures will begin at 7 a.m., and roads will reopen by 12 p.m. affected roads will include: -- boulevard of the allies between stanwix and wood streets -- third avenue between stanwix and wood streets -- fourth avenue between stanwix and wood streets -- market street between boulevard of the allies and third avenue. crews will be removing one transformer from ppg1 and installing three new transformers atop the roof. port authority bus routes 56, 57, 58 and 67 will be required to detour around the closed streets. riders are encouraged to call port authority customer service at 412-442-2000 or visit  for detour information. public safety advises residents to plan ahead and avoid the downtown areas affected by the temporary closures. 19/10/2018 13:20:36 police seek help in graffiti investigation pittsburgh, pa (oct. 20, 2018) – the pittsburgh bureau of police graffiti squad is investigating vandals who in recent weeks have spray-painted graffiti tags in several spots throughout the city. one tag, reading "gipsy,” is typically accompanied by another unreadable tag and found throughout the northside. they are often large (several feet wide) and placed in high-visibility areas. a recent witness to one of these tags being painted described the suspects as two white males, one with a beard. another tag, reading "waxn," is found throughout east liberty, mainly on penn avenue. approximately 40 light poles have been tagged on penn avenue between 5th avenue and the wilkinsburg border. anyone with information on the vandals' identities or whereabouts is asked to call detective alphonso sloan at (412) 495-6052. callers can remain confidential. (note to media: det. sloan is available for interviews at the above number.) (locations: 1600 block of beaver avenue, 1900 block of perrysville avenue, eckert street and mcclure ave) (locations: route 65 near ft. duquesne bridge, 1300 block of federal street) (locations: 1500 block of penn avenue) (penn avenue light pole) 19/10/2018 16:43:10 alert: saturday is the dea's 16th national prescription drug take back day for immediate release pittsburgh, pa ( october 23, 2018) -- an estimated two million americans will suffer from addiction to prescription opioids or illegal opioids in 2018. pittsburghers can join in the fight against the opioid crisis this weekend by cleaning out medicine cabinets and turning in expired or unused prescription drugs. as part of the drug enforcement administration’s 16th national prescription drug take back day, all six pittsburgh police zones, police headquarters, and the phillips recreation center will become drop-off sites for the safe disposal of drugs. residents are encouraged to bring prescription drugs to the designated locations on saturday, october 27th from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. “eight in ten heroin users started with abusing prescriptions. the fight against this epidemic begins at home,” said pittsburgh police sgt. rebecca bassano.  in the spring of 2018, residents teamed up with the pittsburgh bureau of police to collect 610-pounds of prescription drugs. pittsburgh police hope to exceed that number on saturday. join the effort to end this opioid crisis. prescription drug take back sites: pittsburgh bureau of police headquarters -  1203 western ave, pittsburgh, pa 15233 phillips recreation center - 201 parkfield street, pittsburgh, pa 15210. note: this take back site will operate from 8 a.m. to 11 a.m. zone 1 – 1501 brighton road, pittsburgh, pa 15212 zone 2 - 2000 centre avenue, pittsburgh, pa 15219 zone 3 - 830 east warrington avenue, pittsburgh, pa 15210 zone 4 - 5858 northumberland street, pittsburgh, pa 15217 zone 5 - 1401 washington boulevard, pittsburgh, pa 15206 zone 6 -312 s. main street, pittsburgh, pa 15220 23/10/2018 14:22:59 fatal fire in homewood under investigation pittsburgh, pa (oct. 23, 2018) – pittsburgh police are investigating a fatal fire in a homewood residence tuesday afternoon. firefighters, police and ems responded to the 1400 block of n. homewood ave. around 12:40 p.m. for a report of a two-story residence on fire with a human possibly on fire inside the home. crews located a victim on the first floor near the stairwell. one neighboring home sustained damage. the neighboring resident was safely evacuated and referred to the red cross. one dog was treated on scene for smoke inhalation. the fire appears to have started on the first floor and spread to the second floor and attic. the fire investigation unit comprised of police and fire officials are investigating the cause of the fire. homicide detectives will investigate the death. “any time you have a tragedy like this it’s always disturbing,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “it was a very stubborn fire. the fire was up in the attic and it took a lot of work for the firefighters to extinguish it. between the firefighters and police and medics, it was another good job. but it’s unfortunate there was a loss of life.” no firefighters were injured while responding to the two-alarm fire. 23/10/2018 16:42:27 update on search for missing 12-year-old boy update: the missing juvenile has been located. police found him safe and in good health this morning. thanks to all who helped spread the word. previous release: pittsburgh, pa (october 23, 2018) -- pittsburgh missing persons detectives seek for the public’s assistance in locating 12-year-old khalyl mcknight from the marshall-shadeland neighborhood. khalyl mcknight was last seen on mcclure avenue in brighton heights at approximately 2:30 p.m., tuesday. he is 4’11 and 96 pounds with light brown/hazel eyes. khalyl has sandy-colored hair that is cut into a high box-top style. he was last seen wearing tan khakis, a blue polo shirt and a gray hooded sweatshirt with an orange “nike swoosh” logo. anyone with information on khalyl's whereabouts is asked to call the missing persons unit at 412-323-7800. 23/10/2018 22:11:06 arrest made in west end shooting pittsburgh, pa (oct. 24, 2018) – pittsburgh police arrested a suspect in a shooting that occurred saturday in the west end. kenneth parker, 18, of elliott was arrested tuesday, oct. 23, in connection to the saturday, oct. 20 non-fatal shooting in elliott. shortly before noon that day, the shooting victim drove himself to zone 6 in the west end and told police he had been shot by a male. the 35-year-old victim was transported to a local hospital in critical condition with a gunshot wound to his stomach. according to the investigation, the victim went to bucyrus street in elliot to buy heroin and was shot inside his vehicle before the transaction occurred. detectives obtained a search warrant, searched parker's home and recovered a firearm. two witnesses identified parker from a photo lineup. parker faces charges of attempted homicide, aggravated assault, robbery, reckless endangerment and carrying a firearm without a license. (kenneth parker) 24/10/2018 15:25:04 eleven people arrested for blocking traffic pittsburgh, pa (oct. 25, 2018) – police arrested 11 people thursday evening for blocking traffic during a protest in front of the allegheny county jail. ten of the 11 protesters were cited and released — and permitted to continue protesting on the sidewalk — on charges of obstruction of roadways. one protester was booked into the county jail after she refused to give her identification to arresting officers. the protesters stopped traffic on second avenue shortly after 5 p.m. second avenue is designated as a yellow zone, according to protest guidelines published by public safety on july 27. per the guidelines, traffic in yellow zones cannot be blocked during a.m. and p.m. rush hour times. if they are, police will issue three warnings, with the second warning coming five minutes after the first, and the third warning coming two minutes after the second. in this case, police issued warnings at 5:16 p.m., 5:28 p.m. and 5:42 p.m. when officers moved in to clear the roadway, the majority of protesters returned to the sidewalk, but 11 did not. the city remains committed to protecting the first amendment rights of protesters while assuring that all people – from protesters to city residents and motorists who may be affected by road closures – are kept safe. 25/10/2018 19:27:02 investigation: search for assault, carjacking suspect for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (october 25, 2018) --pittsburgh bureau of police detectives are searching for a suspect in connection with a violent assault and carjacking at wharton square on wednesday, october 24, 2018. pittsburgh ems, zone 3 police officers, the major crimes unit, and gvi unit responded to the giant eagle at approximately 7:48 p.m. upon arrival, public safety personnel observed an unidentified woman with severe facial injuries. medics were able to stabilize the woman and transport her to the hospital where she is in serious condition. the initial investigation reveals the woman drove to the soho neighborhood and picked up a known male actor along fifth avenue. then, around 5:57 p.m. she and the actor parked the vehicle in the area of merriman way and s. 21st street. at some point she was beaten and possibly pistol-whipped. the actor then got behind the wheel of the car, and at approximately 7:36 p.m. he drove her vehicle behind the wharton square giant eagle and threw her out of the car. the actor fled the scene in the victim’s vehicle.  the victim was able to walk to the grocery store for help. pittsburgh police major crimes detectives and the gvi unit are investigating the incident and searching for the victim's vehicle. the vehicle is described as a dark blue nissan versa with the license plate k-m-v-6-6-2-9. if anyone has information about this carjacking and assault, please give police a call at 412-323-7800. 25/10/2018 00:44:13 alert: search for bank robbery suspect for immediate release pittsburgh, pa ( october 26,2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police violent crimes unit and major crimes unit detectives are asking for the public’s assistance in locating a suspected bank robber. the suspect, identified as daryle devlin, is believed to be potentially armed and dangerous. an arrest warrant has been obtained for daryle devlin in connection with the robbery of the farmer’s national bank in the 1800 block of e. carson street. the investigation reveals, the actor, now, identified as daryle devlin, entered the bank and demanded money. the investigation further reveals, the suspect then walked out of the bank with an undisclosed amount of money. no injuries were reported. devlin is described as approximately 5'11" tall, weighs 160 pounds, and 27-years-old. as part of this ongoing investigation, the computer crimes unit has provided surveillance video showing daryle devlin inside the farmer’s bank. if anyone has information on devlin’s whereabouts or this robbery, please give police a call at 412-323-7800. daryle devlin 26/10/2018 20:38:20 alert: message from public safety on tragedy pittsburgh, pa (oct. 29, 2018) – the unthinkable events that occurred in squirrel hill this weekend shook an unshakable city. everyone in public safety, from director wendell hissrich to team members who themselves worship inside the tree of life synagogue, would like to extend our deepest condolences to the victims’ families, the entire jewish community, the residents of squirrel hill and everyone and anyone affected by this despicable act of hatred. we would also like to say thank you. thank you to the first responders who rushed toward gunfire. your bravery and heroism prevented this tragedy from being even worse. thank you to neighboring and regional agencies who volunteered their time to fill in for pittsburgh crews so other parts of the city remained covered. thank you to the public. the outpouring of support you have shown for the victims and for first responders has been overwhelming. yesterday, director hissrich and police chief scott schubert briefly visited zone 4, just a couple blocks from where the tragedy unfolded, and found walls covered in handwritten notes from residents. they stayed for 20 minutes, and in that time no fewer than four people showed up to deliver food and hugs for the officers and others who have been working around the clock to keep our city safe. in addition, thank you to the media. when we needed to deliver crucial information, you were there to serve the public. everyone needed to work together as a city and community, and you served an essential role in that process. over the next several days, funerals for the victims will begin. on behalf of the victims’ families, we ask the media to continue being respectful and allow them privacy and space. this extends to people who were inside the synagogue, the victims who remain hospitalized, and their families. in addition, the injured officers also request privacy. we have not released the names of the injured officers because they have requested and deserve privacy while they heal from their wounds. some media outlets have reported names of injured officers. these names did not come from the city, and many of these reports included inaccurate information. we will release the names at the appropriate time. to city residents, please rest assured that director hissrich and chiefs schubert, darryl jones and ron romano are taking every measure to assure public safety for all. we are, and will remain, pittsburgh proud and pittsburgh strong. “when i was a boy and i would see scary things in the news, my mother would say to me, ‘look for the helpers. you will always find people who are helping.’” — fred rogers 29/10/2018 13:52:42 investigation: search for bank robbery for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (october 29, 2018) -- on october 29, 2018 at approximately 2:48 p.m., zone 4 police officers responded to an armed robbery at the first national bank in the 800 block of s. aiken avenue in shadyside. the initial investigation reveals an unidentified male entered the bank, approached the teller with a gun, and demanded money. the suspect fled the bank with an undisclosed amount of cash. no injuries were reported. if anyone has information about this robbery or the suspect, please give police a call at 412-323-7800. 29/10/2018 18:03:19 public safety statement on presidential visit pittsburgh, pa (oct. 30, 2018) – the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department continues to prepare for today’s presidential visit. we ask residents and commuters to plan ahead and avoid the east end of the city, and to exercise patience when encountering traffic delays this afternoon due to temporary road closures. we understand protests are planned, but we are confident all involved will spend today focusing on the victims and their families, some of whom are burying loved ones today. out of respect for the families, public safety director wendell hissrich and police chief scott schubert will not be conducting media interviews. we cannot discuss details of the president’s visit. any information on his itinerary must come from the secret service or the white house. lastly, we assure residents that public safety is prepared for this visit, thanks in part to assistance from multiple partner law enforcement agencies, including: the university of pittsburgh police, allegheny county sheriff's office, allegheny county police, collier township police, pennsylvania state police, cmu police department and many others. 30/10/2018 12:41:53 investigation: search for street robbery suspect for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (october 30, 2018) -- zone 1 police detectives are requesting the public’s assistance in identifying a robbery suspect. on july 17, 2018, a street robbery occurred in the 900 block of middle street in the east allegheny neighborhood. an unidentified male victim was walking along the street when a male actor shoved him to the ground, hit him, and stole his wallet. the victim suffered minor injuries. the investigation is ongoing. if anyone recognizes the suspect in the pictures or has information on his whereabouts, please call zone 1 detectives at 412-323-7201. 30/10/2018 13:09:28 update on injured police officers pittsburgh, pa (oct. 30, 2018) – the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department is releasing the names of the officers injured in the tree of life attack saturday morning. these officers, and countless others, acted heroically in running towards gunfire to save citizens and their fellow officers, as did many others from pittsburgh public safety and neighboring law enforcement agencies. the injured officers, their injuries and statuses are identified as: timothy matson multiple gunshot wounds (still in hospital) daniel mead gunshot wound to the hand (still in hospital) anthony burke gunshot wound to the hand (released from hospital) michael smidga graze wound and/or shrapnel wound to the head (released) (note: the above four officers were injured by gunfire during the incident. in addition, the following officers were injured during the incident.) john persin hearing concerns/issues (released) tyler pashel knee injury (released) although their names have been made public, the officers continue to ask for privacy while they recover. if and when they are ready to speak publicly, they will reach out to the media through the pittsburgh public safety pio chris togneri. thanks to all for your understanding on this matter. 30/10/2018 15:03:05 alert: do not fall victim to tragedy scammers pittsburgh, pa (oct. 31, 2018) – in the aftermath of saturday’s tragedy at tree of life synagogue, many people have inquired about making donations to victims and injured officers. unfortunately, such times also bring about scammers who wish to prey upon people’s good intentions. police have received reports of people being approached -- in person, by telephone or via email and social media -- and asked to donate to victims and injured officers. they often ask for personal credit card information in order to process such donations. these are likely scams. before donating, always research the organization. do not respond to spam or follow links in such emails as they may lead to viruses that leave your personal information vulnerable. for more information on how to avoid scams and make sure your donation is going to a reputable organization, please see the following warning and guidelines issued by the fbi. it can also be viewed on twitter at @fbipittsburgh: for immediate release                                          fbi pittsburgh field office october 31, 2018                                                                   catherine varnum policicchio public affairs specialist cpolicicchio@fbi.gov (412) 432-4291 fbi pittsburgh warns public about fake scams in wake of tree of life synagogue shooting in the aftermath of the tree of life synagogue shooting that occurred on october 27, 2018, fbi pittsburgh has been made aware of potential scammers who are attempting to fraudulently solicit donations for the victims. members of the pittsburgh community and concerned public from around the world feel moved to contribute to victim assistance programs and charitable organizations in the wake of this tragic shooting. the fbi reminds the public to be alert and conduct due diligence before giving to anyone soliciting donations on behalf of the shooting victims. solicitations can originate as emails, websites, door-to-door collections, mailings, telephone calls or text messages. some fraudsters may even claim they will provide direct compensation to the victims themselves after acquiring personal information.  the fbi recommends that all take precautions to ensure their contributions or personal information does not end up in the hands of criminals. before making a donation of any kind, consumers should adhere to certain guidelines, including the following: do not respond to any unsolicited (spam) incoming emails, including by clicking links contained within those messages, because they may contain computer viruses. be cautious of individuals representing themselves as victims or officials asking for donations via email or social networking sites. beware of organizations with copycat names similar to but not exactly the same as those of reputable charities. rather than following a purported link to a website, verify the existence and legitimacy of non-profit organizations by using internet-based resources. to ensure that contributions are received and used for intended purposes, make donations directly to known organizations rather than relying on others to make the donation on your behalf. do not be pressured into making contributions; reputable charities do not use coercive tactics. do not give your personal or financial information to anyone who solicits contributions. avoid cash donations if possible. pay by debit or credit card or write a check directly to the charity. do not make checks payable to individuals. “fbi pittsburgh wants criminals who plan to exploit people’s pockets and generosity to know it won’t be tolerated,” said fbi pittsburgh special agent in charge robert jones. “we remain vigilant to the numerous types of scams that divert resources from genuine organizations helping the victims, even during times of crisis.” you can report suspicious email solicitations or fraudulent websites to the fbi’s internet crime complaint center at www.ic3.gov 31/10/2018 14:10:57 investigation: south side flats bank robbery for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (november 1, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police major crimes detectives are investigating a bank robbery at the first national bank in the 1100 block of e. carson street. at approximately 10:20 a.m., thursday november 1, 2018, zone 3 officers and detectives were dispatched to the bank for a robbery report. an unidentified male actor entered the first national bank, approached a teller and demanded money. the teller handed over an undisclosed amount of cash and the actor walked out of the bank. no weapon was observed during the robbery. there were no reported injuries. the male actor is described as being in his 40’s, 5’11” tall, and approximately 230 pounds. he was wearing a black jacket, baseball cap, jeans and white tennis shoes. if anyone has information about the robbery or the actor, please give detectives a call at 412-323-7800. 1/11/2018 14:40:02 public safety thanks pittsburghers for food donations pittsburgh, pa (nov. 2, 2018) -- pittsburgh public safety officials remain overwhelmed with the community’s show of support since the tragic events of oct. 27 in squirrel hill. first responders in stations and headquarters throughout the city -- particularly at police zone 4 near the tree of life synagogue in squirrel hill -- have received countless visitors offering food, cards, hugs and words of kindness. thank you. your generosity is inspiring. and you are evidence that pittsburgh is indeed stronger than hate. now, we ask that the food donations be directed to others in the community who need it more than we do. simply put: we can’t eat all the food you all have so generously donated. and we don't want any of the love you have shown to go to waste. with that in mind, we have compiled a list of food banks and others who remain in need of such donations. their contact information is below. thank you again, pittsburgh, from all of us at public safety. food donations: if you are a business wishing to donate food, contact 412 food rescue via call or text at: (412) 277-3831 if you are an individual, contact one of these organizations directly. any certified kosher food may be donated to the jcc or jfcs or aleph. zone 1 -- light of life (412) 860-8124 -- pleasant valley men’s shelter (412) 321-4272 -- allegheny ymca (412) 321-8594 zone 2 -- centre ave ymca (412) 621-1762 -- 412 youth zone (412) 902-4068 -- outreached arms (724) 759-4833 zone 3 -- brookline teen outreach (412) 254-4590 -- salvation army adult rehabilitation center (412) 481-7900 zone 4 -- jewish community center (412) 521-8010 -- aleph (412) 421-0111 -- jewish family and children’s services (412) 422-7200 -- ralph schugar funeral home (412) 621-8282 zone 5 -- salvation army family caring center (412) 327-5546 -- veteran’s place (412) 363-0500 -- proud haven (412) 441-9786 zone 6 -- light of life (412) 860-8124 -- pleasant valley men’s shelter (412) 321-4272 -- allegheny ymca (412) 321-8594 2/11/2018 16:12:05 new ems chief sworn in pittsburgh, pa (nov. 2, 2018) – ronald romano was sworn in as pittsburgh bureau of emergency medical services chief during a swearing in ceremony friday morning in council chambers. also promoted: christopher blockton, adam deluca and jason elias (emergency medical technicians) michael donnelly, jenna heidenreich and daniel sprouse (paramedics) antwain carter and russel dimon (district chiefs). romano has been acting chief since former chief robert farrow retired in august. chief romano, 62, has been with pittsburgh ems since 1978. he was raised in morningside, lives now in stanton heights and is married with three children and four grandchildren. “i am now the 7th ems chief since 1975 and five of the past six were able to be here today,” romano said during the ceremony. “i am very much honored that they could attend. they are responsible for the building of ems and past successes of pittsburgh ems, and why it is one of the premiere ems systems in the country today. they have been great leaders and teachers and i have watched, listened and learned from all of them over my 40 years with the city. “it will be my job to bridge the past into the future, but it is not just the leader but the people who make an organization great. i am humbled and honored to be the new chief of pittsburgh ems and i thank the mayor and director for this opportunity and the trust they have shown in me to be the ems chief. i will work to do the best job possible for the citizens of pittsburgh.” chief romano also thanks his staff, public safety colleagues, friends and family. “a special thanks to my wife and children who have supported me in my career and have been understanding when i have missed something or worked around my schedule on holidays and special occasions throughout the years,” he said. 2/11/2018 14:52:02 alert: bank robbery suspect arrested pittsburgh, pa (nov. 5, 2018) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police, atf and us marshal's western pennsylvania fugitive task force have arrested a suspect in an oct. 20, 2018 bank robbery in the south side. daryle devlin, 27, was arrested nov. 5 around 3:40 p.m. and charged with one count of robbery, one count of receiving stolen property, and unrelated felony drug charges. he was wanted for the oct. 20, 2018 robbery of farmer's national bank on the 1800 block of e carson street. 5/11/2018 20:40:05 public safety support trust fund established pittsburgh, pa (nov. 7, 2018) -- the city council of pittsburgh today gave preliminary approval for the city controller to create a public safety support trust fund to hold monetary donations in support of public safety department efforts. in the wake of the tragic events on saturday, oct. 27 -- in which 11 members of tree of life, new light and dor hadash congregations were killed and several other people were injured, including four officers -- there has been an overwhelming number of people wishing to contribute to the city of pittsburgh department of public safety. “i am deeply humbled by the outpouring of support and gratitude extended to this department by residents and people from all over the nation," public safety director wendell hissrich said. "city council’s unanimous decision to create a fund to support the efforts of first responders will go a long way in the delivery of quality public safety services for our residents. this city deserves our best." the funds will be used to cover expenses associated with training for public safety personnel and for the purchase of public safety equipment and supplies. “on behalf of all personnel within the department of public safety, we want to thank everyone who has inquired about donating or has already donated," hissrich said. "it means so much to those who risk their lives and sacrifice time with their families to serve the public." anyone wishing to make a donation to the public safety support trust fund may send a check payable to treasurer, city of pittsburgh to 400 city-county building, 414 grant st., pittsburgh, pa 15219. the department is not accepting donations for the individual police officers injured at the tree of life. for those wanting to donate directly to the officers that were injured, a fund has been set up to assist the officers during their recovery. all donations for the injured officers fund will be accepted at greater pittsburgh police federal credit union and mailed to: 1338 chartiers avenue, pittsburgh, pa 15220. for more information, feel free to call the credit union office at 412-922-4800 or go online to  . 7/11/2018 16:51:35 security details for gathering at point state park pittsburgh, pa (nov. 8, 2018) – large crowds are expected at point state park friday at noon as pittsburgh and other residents gather to honor victims of the synagogue shooting in squirrel hill, and to call for peace and unity among all. pittsburgh public safety, state park rangers and several partner law enforcement agencies will be present to ensure a safe experience for all. public safety director wendell hissrich asks that everyone planning to attend not bring large bags, as they will be subject to search. prohibited items in the park include, but are not limited to: alcohol, drones, grills, laser pointers and any type of weapon, explosive or ammunition. officers will establish security checks at park entryways. temperatures are forecast to be seasonably chilly, with a high in the mid-40s, and rain is possible. the event will begin with a one-minute moment of silence in remembrance of the 11 victims, who were members of tree of life, new light and dor hadash congregations. those unable to make the event – from those in pittsburgh to others around the world – are invited to host their own moments of silence at 12 p.m. eastern standard time, on friday, november 9. 8/11/2018 10:41:17 public safety statement on thousand oaks tragedy pittsburgh, pa (nov. 8, 2018) – it is with heavy hearts that pittsburgh residents and public safety officials learn of the latest mass shooting in our country, this one in thousand oaks, california. just 10 days ago, we too suffered a senseless tragedy when a man driven by hate entered a squirrel hill synagogue and opened fire: first on peaceful worshipers of the tree of life, new light and dor hadash congregations, and then on our pittsburgh police officers who ran towards gunfire to save the innocent. we understand all too well the immense anguish that the victims’ families and first responders now must endure, and we send our deepest condolences. we will be reaching out to the leaders of the ventura county sheriff’s office – who lost a sheriff’s deputy when he courageously and selflessly ran into the building with the singular goal of saving lives – to offer our sympathy and any assistance they may require. “the nightmare that descended upon pittsburgh on an otherwise peaceful morning has now visited the community of thousand oaks and ventura county,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “no community should have to experience such a horrific tragedy. unfortunately, these mass casualty events are becoming all too common.” in the days to come, the names of the victims will be released and the sorrow will only intensify as we learn details of who they were and the potential we have lost. we know this all too well. for that reason and others, the city of pittsburgh today stands with thousand oaks and with all communities affected by these senseless killings. and we remember and celebrate ventura county sheriff's sgt. ron helus, who died a hero. "on behalf of the pittsburgh bureau of police, we want to express our most heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the innocent victims and all who were impacted by the horrific and senseless violence in thousand oaks," pittsburgh police chief scott schubert said. "pittsburgh stands strong with the city of thousand oaks and the ventura county sheriff's office. rest in peace, sgt. ron helus." 8/11/2018 10:44:21 fire promotions ceremony today pittsburgh, pa (nov. 9, 2018) – the pittsburgh bureau of fire will hold a promotions ceremony today, friday, at 3:30 p.m. in council chambers. among those promoted will be new assistant chief brian kokkila. additional promotions will include: captain richard fitzgerald captain che long captain stephen grenesko lieutenant thomas wilson lieutenant sean o’leary lieutenant matthew burford lieutenant edward hurley lieutenant christopher pedrotty lieutenant jeremy manke fire chief darryl jones will preside over the promotions ceremony. the public and media are welcome to attend. 9/11/2018 09:01:29 fire promotions ceremony summary pittsburgh, pa (nov. 9, 2018) – the pittsburgh bureau of fire held a promotions ceremony today, friday, at 3:30 p.m. in council chambers. among those promoted was new assistant chief brian kokkila. kokkila is a 20-year-veteran of the peters township fire department. he is the current deputy chief of the pennsylvania urban search and rescue team. kokkila, 41, of the central north side, is married to his wife, donna, who have two children: son, justin, and daughter, jesalyn. “to our new assistant chief: welcome to the family,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “… to everyone else getting promoted, congratulations and good luck.” additional promotions included: captain richard fitzgerald captain che long captain stephen grenesko captain kenneth walz lieutenant thomas wilson lieutenant sean o’leary lieutenant matthew burford lieutenant edward hurley lieutenant christopher pedrotty lieutenant jeremy manke 9/11/2018 20:37:24 light up night public safety announcement pittsburgh, pa (nov. 15, 2018) – light up night is friday, nov. 16 at venues throughout the golden triangle, and brings with it expectations of large crowds. pittsburgh public safety director wendell hissrich welcomes the holiday season revelers, and urges everyone to be safe, respectful and law-abiding. “as with other large events downtown and elsewhere in the city, there will be a significant police presence to maintain safety for all,” hissrich said. “for anyone who chooses not to be law-abiding, we will have a zero-tolerance policy: no disorderly conduct, no fighting, no public intoxication, underage drinking, or any type of violence will be tolerated.” pittsburgh bureau of police will work with partnering law enforcement agencies -- including the pennsylvania state police, state park rangers, port authority police and the allegheny county police -- to provide uniformed and plainclothes officers throughout the venues. the mounted unit will be on hand to act as city ambassadors and assist in crowd control, if necessary. police remind the public that drones are not allowed, nor are illegal weapons. in addition, city law prohibits the use of any fireworks, even those that are legal, within 150 feet of a structure. regarding traffic concerns, public safety urges people to be patient, to use public transportation when possible, and to park in garages outside of the immediate downtown, near ppg arena or the north shore. the pittsburgh cultural trust also advises that metal detectors have been installed at the benedum theater, and will be in use for the first time on light up night. please allow for extra time entering the theater. finally, dress appropriately: the weather forecast calls for chilly temperatures at or near freezing. public safety wishes all a happy and safe holiday season. 15/11/2018 12:01:36 two pbp graduation ceremonies friday pittsburgh, pa (nov. 15, 2018) – the pittsburgh bureau of police will hold two graduation ceremonies friday – one for for 25 recruits, and one for six k9s. the first ceremony will be at 9 a.m. at the pittsburgh police k9 training academy (1395 washington blvd.). the following k9 teams will be graduating: corey watenpool/k9 brada -- pittsburgh bureau of police emily myers/ k9 spike -- pittsburgh bureau of police mark wilson/k9 nico -- wilkinsburg pd shawn granger/ k9 mako -- wilkinsburg pd pete perrier/k9 zeke -- allegheny county sheriff's office terry bradford/k9 finn -- whitehall pd the officers and their k9 partners completed a 12-week training regime to earn certification in the k9 disciplines of: obedience and agility, patrol procedures, tracking, and either explosive or narcotics detection. the class was instructed by pittsburgh police k9 instructor mpo william watts, jr., who was assisted by mpo anthony yauch and po kevin merkel. “we look forward to adding these teams to our ranks, one day before the pittsburgh police k9 unit's 60th birthday,” said sgt. sean duffy, who leads the pbp k9 department. he added that the pittsburgh police k9 unit is the second oldest k9 unit in the u.s. the second ceremony will be at 2 p.m. on the campus of the community college of allegheny county (foerster student service center) for 25 recruits who successfully completed their academy training. the class includes a native of india, iraq and ireland, plus three women and one african-american. “we place a priority on sending out well-rounded recruits,” said sgt. colleen bristow. “we want our officers to be a part of the communities they protect, and we make sure they leave here knowing that they are the community – they’re not just police officers, they are guardians.” recruits go through eight months of training which includes implicit bias training, participation in the inside out program (in which recruits visit local prisons to communicate directly with inmates), restorative justice training, and many other programs as part of a constantly-evolving curriculum. the public and media are welcome to attend. sgt. bristow, the recruits and others will be available for media interviews. 15/11/2018 20:12:54 three arrested in multi-agency operation pittsburgh, pa (nov. 16, 2018) -- a coordinated effort by the pittsburgh bureau of police, the allegheny county sherriff's office and the fbi violent crimes task force has resulted in the arrest of three people on bank robbery charges. nicole wallace, 34, of knoxville, was arrested nov. 13, and edward shaylon hooten, 42, of knoxville and jason rini, 37, of heidelberg were arrested friday. they face federal bank robbery charges for the following robberies: oct. 17, 2018, of huntington bank on the 1800 block brownsville road in carrick. oct. 26, 2018, of the first national bank in whitehall. oct. 29, 2018, of first national bank on the 800 block of s aiken avenue in shadyside. the arrests were the result of investigative work by numerous detectives from: the pittsburgh bureau of police violent crimes unit, robbery unit, computer crimes unit, narcotics and vice unit, and intelligence unit; the allegheny county sherriff's office; and the fbi violent crimes task force. pittsburgh bureau of police officials thank everyone involved in this joint effort. (hooten) (rini) (wallace) 16/11/2018 20:23:11 arrest: knoxville homicide arrest for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (november 16, 2018) - pittsburgh bureau of police homicide detectives have arrested 18-year-old tarue davis in connection with a fatal shooting at a convenience store in knoxville. tarue davis now faces criminal homicide charges in connection with the death of 23-year-old james loughlin. mr. laughlin was shot on november 2, 2018 at the unimart convenience store located in the 700 block of brownsville road. tarue davis was arrested at his residence shortly before 2 p.m. today, november, 16, 2018. he is now in the allegheny county jail. tarue davis 16/11/2018 15:51:15 fire at senior high rise building, 24 residents displaced for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (november 17, 2018) -- at approximately 5:10 p.m. on saturday, november 17, 2018 city of pittsburgh public safety personnel responded to a two-alarm fire at the ebenezer towers, located in the 400 block of dinwiddie street. police, fire, and ems arrived on the scene and immediately began fighting the fire and evacuating residents from the building. one person was rescued from a second floor balcony. meanwhile, paramedics began assisting and evaluating residents on the scene. an 85-year-old woman suffered burns to her foot and was transported to the hospital in stable condition. a male resident was transported to the hospital for evaluation due to a pre-existing condition. he has since been released from the hospital. to provide immediate shelter for the elderly and those suffering from illnesses, zone 2 officers escorted and assisted residents to their police station. most of those residents are now with family members or back inside their apartments. firefighters were quickly able to contain the fire to two apartments. fire chief darryl jones says, “thankfully, this ten-story building had a working sprinkler system.” the sprinkler system was very instrumental in saving lives and preventing further damage to the high rise. ebenezer towers has ten floors and ninety-nine occupied apartments. the majority of the residents are seniors and many suffer from medical conditions. residents on the upper floors were permitted back into their apartments after the building was deemed safe. the twenty-four people who lived on the first two floors were displaced primarily due to heavy smoke and water damage. the american red cross is currently assisting residents who could not return to their home. in addition to the collaborative efforts of public safety personnel, port authority transit and the center for family excellence provided temporary shelter so evacuated residents did not have to brave the cold temperatures. the salvation army along with volunteers from the center assisted residents and first responders by providing food and beverages. during the evacuation, medics secured needed medications for those in need. the cause of the fire remains under investigation. 18/11/2018 00:33:56 washington boulevard floodgates damaged in crash pittsburgh, pa (nov. 19, 2018) – the washington boulevard floodgates are temporarily inoperable after a vehicle crash on friday left its operations system damaged. the crash occurred around 7:35 p.m. friday near the intersection of washington and allegheny river boulevards. a vehicle struck a pole that housed the master operations system, causing significant damage. the vehicle rolled, and the female driver, who was temporarily trapped inside her suv, was transported to a local hospital in stable condition. the city's chief operations officer, guy costa, said the system will be down until replacement parts can be ordered. there is no timeline for repairs. until the floodgates are operational, zone 5 police officers will manually set up barriers to prevent vehicles from entering the flood-prone area during times of heavy rain. zone 5 officers are well-trained in this exercise as they have used this plan in recent months when the system was previously inoperable. public safety director wendell hissrich reminds motorists to never drive through standing water and to never drive around barricades. multiple vehicles have been spotted driving around the floodgates in recent months, in some cases even when police cruisers with activated flashers were on scene. for your safety and for the safety of others, do not drive around barricades or through standing water. 19/11/2018 14:11:16 pittsburgh police to deliver 3,200 thanksgiving meals pittsburgh, pa (nov. 21, 2019) – pittsburgh police officers will deliver more than 3,200 meals to people in need throughout the city as part of the bureau’s annual “get stuffed with love” campaign. this is the highest number of meals the pittsburgh bureau of police has ever delivered. zone 1 officers will deliver 340 meals. zone 2 officers will deliver 410 meals. zone 3 officers will deliver 1,372 meals. zone 4 officers will deliver 250 meals zone 5 officers will deliver 430 meals zone 6 officers will deliver 450 meals. media alert: officer christine luffey, who organizes the event, will be at the st. mary's russian orthodox church (105 s. 19th street) at 7:30 a.m. tomorrow, thanksgiving day, overseeing the distribution of meals (from 7:45 a.m. to 10:30 a.m.). she will be available for media interviews, and can arrange for reporters to follow officers making deliveries. thanks to the officers and volunteers (including children) who donated their time to make sure those in need do not go without. from everyone at public safety, we wish all a happy and safe thanksgiving. 21/11/2018 12:16:55 investigation: three-alarm house fire in greenfield for immediate release update (november 23, 2018 ) -- detectives from the fire investigative unit have been notified that all three victims from the flemington street fire have died at the hospital. a woman, whose age has now been confirmed as 47-years-old, passed away this afternoon. prior to her passing, a 96-year old woman and a 48-year-old male passed away, thursday, november 22, 2018. the investigation continues into the cause of the fire. (previous release) update (november 23, 2018) -- sadly, two patients from the house fire on flemington street have passed away. a 96-year-old woman and a man whose age is now confirmed to be 48-years-old, were both pronounced deceased on thursday, november 22, 2018. no further information is available at this time. (previous release) pittsburgh, pa (nov. 22, 2018) – three people were injured wednesday, nov. 21 during a three-alarm house fire in the 1000 block of flemington street. firefighters, ems, and police were dispatched to the fire around 11:20 p.m. upon arrival, they learned that three people were trapped in the structure. officials rescued the people and provided immediate medical attention. two women, ages 96 and 46, and one man, 58, were transported to a local hospital in critical condition. the fire investigation unit, made up of investigators from the pittsburgh bureau of fire and detectives from the pittsburgh bureau of police, are investigating the cause of the fire. 22/11/2018 02:27:31 charges filed in 2003 shooting update: pittsburgh, pa (nov. 30, 2018) -- lamont fulton is in custody. fulton made arrangements with the pennsylvania board of probation and parole and the western pennsylvania fugitive task force to turn himself in today. original post: pittsburgh, pa (nov. 29, 2018) -- pittsburgh police have issued warrants for criminal homicide for two men involved in a 2003 shooting at the smithfield street garage. the victim, michael lahoff, 66, died on tuesday. marty allen armstrong jr. and lamont fulton were charged and convicted for their roles in the 2003 shooting. armstrong and fulton are now charged with criminal homicide. armstrong is currently incarcerated on charges related to this incident. fulton is not. (armstrong) (fulton) 29/11/2018 16:37:49 charges filed in 2017 fatal shooting pittsburgh, pa (nov. 30, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police detectives have charged james dinkins, 20, with criminal homicide in the fatal shooting last year of taymere donald, 17. dinkins is currently housed in the allegheny county jail on unrelated charges and will be formally arraigned on saturday. donald was shot on june 23, 2017 in lincoln-lemington-belmar near the intersection of montezuma and dean streets. the pittsburgh bureau of police would like to thank the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives and allegheny county district attorney's office investigators for their invaluable assistance in this case. (dinkins) 30/11/2018 15:28:38 open house for new northview heights public safety center pittsburgh, pa (dec. 3, 2018) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police, in collaboration with the housing authority of the city of pittsburgh and the buhl foundation’s one northside initiative, invite residents and the media to the grand opening of the northview heights public safety center at 10 a.m. on tuesday, dec. 4. the new public safety center -- which will serve residents of northview heights and allegheny dwellings -- is designed to improve quality of life for residents and to strengthen relationships between the community and the officers who serve them. tomorrow’s open house event will provide the public with a first glimpse inside the facility -- where residents will have access to job training, arts programs, and shared community space -- plus an opportunity to hear from city officials, community leaders and northview heights residents on their hopes for the safety center. “this center is a great model of many different partners coming together for a common good, one that delivers equity and quality of life for all,” mayor william peduto said. public safety director wendell hissrich credited the many partners who came together on this project, including the housing authority and executive director caster d. binion. “we worked closely on this important project, one which will result in improved police-community relations, more opportunities for residents and a safer environment for all,” hissrich said. “we have seen great success with the opening of the downtown substation, and we expect to replicate that success with the northview heights public safety center.” “we fully understand the value of working hand-in-hand with residents to build a better and safer community through collaboration, mutual respect and trust,” police chief scott schubert added. “this partnership in northview heights has the ability to make a significant difference in community-police relations, reduction of crime and disorder, and shared success in overall community wellness. it's our goal to replicate these partnerships and success stories in other communities.” this safety center is in large part the result of the dedication and hard work of the buhl foundation, which decided several years ago to invest in pittsburgh’s northside neighborhoods. through a series of surveys, public meetings, and face-to-face meetings with residents, buhl and their partners asked the public how they would change and improve their neighborhoods. in doing so, they identified several common themes, which became the pillars of their one northside initiative: place, employment, health, education, and safety. “both northside residents and pittsburgh bureau of police officers indicated a desire to build safer communities by working together,” said buhl foundation president diana bucco. “i congratulate the city of pittsburgh housing authority, pittsburgh bureau of police and the mayor’s office for coming together in response to this need, and creating a space that is responsive to the community and a demonstration model that will truly have national implications.” the new safety center was made possible through a substantial investment of housing authority dollars to create the state-of-the-art facility to focus on resident engagement and pro-active community safety. "the public safety center is a welcome addition to the northview heights community," said hacp executive director caster d. binion. "we are proud to partner with the pittsburgh bureau of police, the buhl foundation and everyone who came together to develop a plan that puts resident safety and quality of life as the utmost priority. we expect the endeavor to produce an immediate, positive impact on the lives of the hundreds of pittsburgh senior citizens and families who call northview heights home." speakers (in order of appearance): pbp zone 1 commander christopher ragland pittsburgh mayor william peduto public safety director wendell hissrich housing authority executive director caster binion pbp chief scott schubert the buhl foundation’s amber farr pbp sergeant joseph lewis tenant council president marcus reed northview heights residents olivia bennett and siraji hassan. what : grand opening of the northview heights public safety center when : tuesday, dec. 4, 2018. refreshments at 9:30. speakers at 10 a.m. where : northview heights safety center, 441 mt. pleasant road, pittsburgh, pa 15214 3/12/2018 06:48:40 steelers, pbp to partner on community relations trailer pittsburgh, pa (dec. 3, 2018) – the pittsburgh steelers will present police chief scott schubert with a check tomorrow for the purchase of a community relations trailer. steelers’ all-pro center maurkice pouncey and others from the steelers organization will be at the grand opening of the northview heights public safety center on tuesday, dec. 4 at 11:30 a.m. to personally hand chief schubert a check to purchase the trailer, which will be used at events around the city starting in the spring. “being able to work with maurkice and other steelers players and our officers and give back to the community is a special thing for us,” chief schubert said. “the fact the players and the organization give back to the community is awesome. it’s what pittsburgh is about.” the vision for a community relations trailer came about in october, 2017, when chief schubert first discussed the idea of partnering with the steelers to establish a vehicle that could attend community events, provide entertainment and education for residents, and even be used for recruitment purposes. the steelers shared chief schubert’s vision and pbp officials were put in contact with ready-2-roll trailers of peachtree, georgia. together, they designed a proposal for the trailer. features of the double-axle trailer, which will be 8 feet wide, 17 feet long and 7 feet tall, include: propane grill, sound system, stereo system, video game systems, coolers, recliners, generator, storage space for games, handouts and food, flag pole holder, 13-foot awning, tv mount and 55-inch tv screen, exterior lights, and a black aluminum exterior. the exterior will be wrapped with a banner featuring images of the steelers and pittsburgh police. the project is expected to cost $25,370. the pittsburgh bureau of police is grateful for our partnership and continued engagement with the pittsburgh steelers. that partnership includes the steelers giving tickets to dozens of local children to attend games with police officers, players helping feed hungry families on thanksgiving, and players going on ride-alongs with police to gain a better understanding of our communities. the community relations trailer will symbolize our ongoing partnership. the pittsburgh bureau of police thanks the entire steelers organization for their commitment to the city of pittsburgh and its residents. all are invited to attend. chief schubert and others will be available for media interviews. what : check presentation for a community relations trailer when : tuesday, dec. 4, 2018 at 11:30 a.m. where : northview heights safety center, 441 mt. pleasant road, pittsburgh, pa 15214 3/12/2018 06:43:59 police seek suspect in manchester shooting pittsburgh, pa (dec. 5, 2018) – pittsburgh police are looking for an east liberty man in connection to an early morning shooting in manchester that left two people hospitalized. police issued an arrest warrant, for two counts of attempted homicide, for tramaine solomen, 30, earlier today. solomen should be considered armed and dangerous. he is known to frequent east liberty, northview heights and the hill district. solomen is wanted for his involvement in a shooting around 3:38 a.m. on the 1300 block of n. franklin street. responding zone 1 officers found a woman behind a residence with at least one gunshot wound to the torso, and a man inside the residence with at least one gunshot wound to the leg. both victims were transported to a local hospital. the woman was in critical condition, and the man was in serious condition. anyone with information on solomen’s whereabouts is asked to call pittsburgh police's group violence intervention detectives at (412) 323-7800. 5/12/2018 15:56:32 police arrest wanted felon on drug and gun charges pittsburgh, pa (dec. 7, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police officers arrested a wanted felon on multiple drug and gun charges on dec. 6, 2018. zone 5 plainclothes officers observed a vehicle fail to stop at a stop sign at the intersection of lemington avenue and oberlin street around 7:41 p.m. on thursday. the officers turned on the flashers on their unmarked police vehicle and observed the driver -- later identified as tyrek jrevae booker, 40 -- appear to reach towards the driver’s side floorboard. the vehicle stopped on gladefield street next to chadwick park. a traffic stop was conducted. booker was compliant and detained without incident. officers placed booker under arrest when they smelled marijuana in the car and observed partially burned marijuana cigarettes in the ashtray and center console container. a further inspection of the vehicle revealed: multiple bags of crack-cocaine, a bag of suspected powder cocaine, a jar with marijuana and individual bags of marijuana, bottles containing an unknown purple liquid, a black digital scale with white residue, and multiple bullets. asked if there was a gun in the vehicle, booker acknowledged that a firearm was under the driver’s seat. police recovered a black handgun. officers also recovered multiple burnt marijuana cigars and multiple individual bags of crack-cocaine from booker’s pockets. officers then discovered that booker did not have a concealed carry permit and that he had an active warrant. booker was transported to the allegheny county jail and booked on multiple counts of possession of a controlled substance, multiple counts of possession with intent to deliver controlled substances, and gun charges. booker also goes by the name of tyree. he has previous arrests under tyrek and tyree. in 1996, booker was convicted of voluntary manslaughter in the shooting death of pittsburgh bureau of police sgt. james “rip" taylor during an argument outside taylor’s home. (booker) 7/12/2018 16:04:21 police investigating hate-filled material pittsburgh, pa (dec. 9, 2018) -- the pittsburgh department of public safety and the pittsburgh bureau of police are aware of and are investigating the dissemination of anti-semitic pamphlets in pittsburgh neighborhoods, including squirrel hill. such hate-filled material will not be tolerated in pittsburgh -- not by residents, city officials nor law enforcement. the department of public safety -- including director wendell hissrich, police chief scott schubert and zone 4 commander dan herrmann -- assures the community that we are taking this matter very seriously and will follow every investigative avenue. pittsburgh is and will remain stronger than hate. 9/12/2018 10:41:20 zone 4 vehicles get stronger than hate decals pittsburgh, pa (dec. 11, 2018) – the pittsburgh bureau of police today will place “stronger than hate” decals on police vehicles in zone 4. the decals are in response to the oct. 27 tragedy in squirrel hill in which members of the tree of life, new light and dor hadash congregations were attacked while peacefully worshipping. "this is an ongoing effort to show our commitment to the communities we serve,” said commander eric holmes. “our ranks include members of the bureau who are of the jewish faith and this is also a way to support them. “pittsburgh has a storied history that includes the steel industry, the steelers, and since 1857 the pittsburgh bureau of police,” holmes continued. “hate is not part of our dna. placing these decals on our vehicles in zone 4 is a small way to reflect on our shared history and to show that we stand together as one." four pittsburgh police officers were shot and injured while responding to the synagogue shooting and two others were injured. the bureau has been overwhelmed with residents’ support for the officers who responded, and for zone 4. “we are grateful for the outpouring of love and support from across america, the city of pittsburgh, and in particular, the residents of the squirrel hill neighborhood,” zone 4 commander dan herrmann said. “the men and women from the zone 4 police station, who serve the squirrel hill community, are proud to display the decals on our police vehicles.” the decals, which were designed in conjunction with the pittsburgh steelers, will remain on cars through january. 10/12/2018 10:50:14 police honor officers for years of service pittsburgh, pa (dec. 12, 2018) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police held its inaugural years of service recognition ceremony today at point park university. officials honored 172 officers and civilians who have served between 25 and 40 years with the city of pittsburgh bureau of police. “as a proud member of the pittsburgh bureau of police, it was truly an honor and a privilege to recognize our police officers and civilian staff who completed 25, 30, 35 and 40 years of faithful service to the city of pittsburgh," said police chief scott schubert. "as a chief, colleague, friend and city resident, i am always in awe of their dedication to the city of pittsburgh and their unwavering devotion to selfless service and making a difference in the lives of others. the inaugural years of service recognition ceremony is a heartfelt way to thank our officers for their years of service and let them know that their hard work is appreciated.” speakers at the event included professor richard linzer of point park university, public safety director wendell hissrich, chief scott schubert, and police business administrator lee schmidt. “it was an honor to stand in the presence of so many dedicated men and women who have served the city of pittsburgh," added commander eric holmes. the bureau worked with wendell august forge company out of mercer county to create the unique city of pittsburgh bureau of police years of service awards, commander holmes added. public safety would like to thank point park university for hosting this event. we would also like to thank everyone honored today for their tireless efforts and dedication to the bureau of police and the residents of pittsburgh. congratulations to all on reaching a significant milestone. 12/12/2018 15:20:45 police to conduct live-fire shotspotter tests pittsburgh, pa (dec. 17, 2018) - on dec. 18, 2018, at 7:30 p.m., the city of pittsburgh bureau of police will conduct a live-fire test of the shotspotter gunshot detection service, which was recently expanded to an 18-square mile coverage area. tests will occur in the following neighborhoods: bedford dwellings, beltzhoover, hazelwood, homewood, marshall-shadeland, perry, west end and upper hill. the purpose of the test is to verify all systems are operating as expected and guide any final adjustments before activating the service. the shotspotter service is not considered live and operational until the successful completion of the live-fire test. pittsburgh police will be onsite at all test locations to ensure conditions for testing are safe. the controlled tests will consist of a sequence of gunshots fired at close range into a bullet trap. no bullets will be fired into the air and there is no danger to the public. shotspotter uses a wide-area network of acoustic sensors to detect when a gun is fired, and then precisely and quickly pinpoints the location of the gunfire. in less than a minute, police officers and 911 dispatchers are notified of the fully-qualified and validated gunfire incidents, even if no one calls 911 – although the community is always encouraged to report sounds of gunfire. by quickly notifying first responders of gunfire, shotspotter helps speed that response with precise information in order to save lives – much like a fire alarm. shotspotter is one of several cutting-edge technologies the city of pittsburgh is employing to ensure the safety and security of our residents, visitors and surrounding communities. “there are areas within the city that gunfire is so frequent and people don’t call 911,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “with shotspotter we have that instant alert to the police officers. they show up. they find individuals who have been injured. they may render first aid right away until the medics arrive, and we have saved lives.” “sometimes you’ll get a call that there’s shots fired, but you don’t know where it’s at in that area,” police chief scott schubert said. “now it’s more specific where it’s at, how many rounds are being fired and, tactically for the officer approaching the scene, it’s safer.” 14/12/2018 09:52:12 pittsburgh bureau of police release a ten-year analysis on ethnic intimidation incidents for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (december 18, 2018) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police hosted a discussion of ethnic intimidation during the meeting of the fbi greater pittsburgh civil rights working group today. pittsburgh police commander eric holmes serves as the police bureau’s liaison to the group and partnered with fbi supervisory special agent greg heeb to coordinate this timely discussion. the pittsburgh police crime analysis unit led by dr. heath johnson, crime analyst coordinator, released statistics and analysis on ethnic intimidation in the city of pittsburgh. community leaders and representatives from the greater pittsburgh area received a ten-year analysis of ethnic intimidation incidents within the city of pittsburgh. the pennsylvania crimes code does not have specific “hate crime” charges but the term ethnic intimidation is used synonymously with the term hate crime. the fbi defines hate crimes as “a criminal offense against a person or property motivated in whole or in part by an offender’s bias against a race, religion, disability, sexual orientation, ethnicity, gender, or gender identity.” under the pennsylvania ethnic intimidation crimes code, sexual orientation is not covered. however; the pittsburgh bureau of police tracks incidents involving sexual orientation. over a ten-year period, the city of pittsburgh averaged 19 incidents per year and an average of eight violent ethnic intimidation incidents per year. the annual counts of incidents have remained steady over this ten-year period and are nearly evenly distributed throughout the neighborhoods. city of pittsburgh public safety director, wendell hissrich said, “it is important for our residents to report potential crimes involving ethnic intimidation. the city of pittsburgh public safety department and pittsburgh bureau of police take these reports very seriously because we want all residents to enjoy the quality of life that this city has to offer. police will do everything possible to ensure those reporting incidents will be safe and protected.” the arrest rates for ethnic intimidation incidents average 40% with nearly 60% for violent incidents. other key findings: * from january 1, 2008 to october 28, 2018 the distribution of ethnic intimidation incidents are as follows: 76% of the incidents involved race, 9% involved ethnicity, 8% involved religion, 6% involved sexual orientation, and 1% involved disability. * racial animus is the most common contributor to ethnic intimidation charges, with the vast majority of those targeting african americans. “any type of bias or hate crime is unacceptable and the pittsburgh bureau of police is committed to thoroughly investigating and prosecuting anyone who violates the law. no one should ever have to live in a state of fear because of their race, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability,” pittsburgh police chief scott schubert stated. what can be done in the future to reduce the number of ethnic intimidation incidents in our area? to answer that question, today’s presenters shared current resources and discussed these key areas: * the need to educate law enforcement and the community on recognizing ethnic intimidation. * the need for more residents to report incidents of ethnic intimidation. if residents see an incident, report the incident. * enhance the public’s awareness of the issue and inform residents of the incidents. * enhance community involvement with awareness and education programs. police chief schubert added, “it is our hope that by continually sharing data with the public, we can draw more attention to the problem and work with the community to ensure violations are reported and investigated. by working together, we can prevent future occurrences of bias and hate. we owe it to everyone who lives, works or visits our beautiful city.” pittsburgh is stronger than hate for more:  facebook.com/pittsburghpolice 18/12/2018 15:04:24 alert: duquesne light scam for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (december 27, 2018) -- pittsburgh bureau of police detectives are warning residents of a telephone scam where callers say they are from the duquesne light company and threaten to immediately terminate your services. a duquesne light company phone number has been imitated by scam artists who are calling customers and telling them they owe money. the scammers will then tell the customer to go out and buy gift cards or pre-paid cards to pay off the balance or their power will be shut off. this is a scam and pittsburgh residents should be vigilant when receiving these type of calls. “while this is a common scam, the callers are getting more savvy in their approach. residents need to know that duquesne light would never call you and threaten termination that same day. there is a process for terminations,” said jessica rock, duquesne light spokeswoman. here are a few things you should know to protect yourself against these telephone scams: duquesne light does not ask customers to purchase any type of pre-paid cards. never provide credit card or other payment information if you are unsure if the caller is legitimate. if you are unsure that a call was from duquesne light, call the company to verify. if you suspect you may have been targeted by scam artists, contact pittsburgh police at 412-323-7800 or duquesne light at 412-393-7100. for more on how to protect yourself from scammers posing as duquesne light workers, visit the company’s website at  . 27/12/2018 16:26:33 first night safety announcement pittsburgh, pa (dec. 30, 2018) – the pittsburgh cultural trust will host first night events monday, dec. 31, at venues throughout the golden triangle. as is the case every year, the celebration will bring large crowds throughout the downtown area. pittsburgh public safety director wendell hissrich welcomes the holiday season revelers, and urges everyone to be safe, respectful and law-abiding. “first night is a pittsburgh tradition and public safety will be there to assure a safe experience for all,” hissrich said. “we ask that people behave responsibly and safely. as with other large events downtown and elsewhere in the city, there will be a significant police presence to maintain safety.” new year’s eve is traditionally a time when people celebrate with alcohol. public safety urges people not to drink and drive. police will be actively looking for impaired drivers and arresting those who break the law. pittsburgh bureau of police will work with partnering law enforcement agencies -- including the pennsylvania state police, state park rangers, port authority police and the allegheny county police -- to provide uniformed and plainclothes officers throughout the venues. the mounted unit also will be on hand. public safety reminds the public that drones are not allowed, nor are illegal weapons. city law prohibits the use of any fireworks, even those that are legal, within 150 feet of a structure. the weather forecast calls for mild temperatures, but rain during the day. please dress appropriately. in addition, public safety reminds residents that celebratory gunfire remains a significant problem in many cities, particularly on new year’s eve. sadly, the results are often tragic when innocent people are hit by the bullets. any bullet discharged from a gun, even into the sky, must land somewhere, and when it does, there is significant risk of injury or death. pittsburgh public safety is committed to a policy of zero tolerance of illegal gun use. our mission is to protect the quality of life for all residents throughout our community by creating an environment of enhanced safety and security. officers will respond to all shotspotter activations throughout the city and will arrest anyone caught discharging a firearm in public. as normal, officers will be deployed throughout the city to maintain the peace, prevent crime and violence, and arrest drunk drivers. pittsburgh public safety utilizes the shotspotter gunfire alerts and analysis solution to detect and locate gunfire incidents and gather gunfire intelligence and data to fight crime and violence. shotspotter provides precision-policing solutions for law enforcement to help deter gun violence and make cities, campuses and facilities safer. shotspotter is used in more than 90 cities. shotspotter uses a wide-area network of acoustic sensors to detect when a gun is fired, and then precisely and quickly pinpoints the location of the gunfire. shotspotter is one of several cutting-edge technologies the city of pittsburgh employs to ensure the safety and security of our residents and officers. “sometimes you’ll get a call that there’s shots fired, but you don’t know where it’s at in that area,” police chief scott schubert said. “now it’s more specific where it’s at, how many rounds are being fired and, tactically for the officer approaching the scene, it’s safer.” for more information on first night celebrations, go to firstnightpgh.trustarts.org. 30/12/2018 12:17:29 four residents, eight pets safe after troy hill fire pittsburgh, pa (jan. 5, 2019) -- multiple public safety departments, including pittsburgh fire, police, ems and animal care and control, responded to a one-alarm fire on the 1800 block of lowrie street in troy hill saturday morning around 9 a.m. firefighters put out the flames quickly, but the residence, a two-story duplex at the intersection of lowrie and lofink street, sustained significant fire and smoke damage. four people, including two children, live in the units. all were safely evacuated and no one was injured. eight pets also live in the units. neighbors saw two cats run safely from the fire; one got out with a resident; and crews rescued two other cats from the burning home. medics used devices specially-designed for animals to give them oxygen and revive them. three dogs were also rescued. medics and animal care and control officers treated them. all of the pets survived and required no additional treatment. the red cross was notified to help the residents with temporary shelter. the fire investigation unit, made up of investigators from the pittsburgh bureau of fire and detectives from the pittsburgh bureau of police, are investigating the cause of the fire. great teamwork by multiple public safety departments assured the safety of all involved. 5/1/2019 11:15:58 mayor, public safety, police discuss 2018 crime stats pittsburgh, pa (jan. 14, 2019) -- city, public safety and police bureau officials gathered this morning in the mayor’s conference room to discuss the final 2018 statistics for homicides, investigation clearance rates and shootings. over the past several years, homicides and shootings have trended downwards in the city of pittsburgh. that trend continued in 2018. but officials warned that although the numbers represent progress, work remains. "every year since 2014, we have seen a decrease in the number of homicides that have occurred in this city. that includes last year," mayor william peduto said. "our clearance rate has also increased, dramatically, and that is completely due to the work of police. ... however, that’s still not good enough. our goal is to eradicate gun violence in our city.” public safety director wendell hissrich credited the improving numbers on increased community engagement, the use of technology including security cameras and shotspotter, and the hard work of police officers, among other factors. “some of the accomplishments have to do with the staffing of the pittsburgh bureau of police,” director hissrich said. “thanks to the mayor and city council, our staffing levels have increased dramatically over the last several years allowing more officers to be on the street. (when) the public sees the same officers day to day, we have more of an open dialogue. without the community, these numbers would be drastically higher. next year we hope to see the continued downward trend of these numbers. but that will only be done through the help of the community, technology and most importantly the work of pittsburgh police.” there were 71 homicides in 2014. the total dropped to 60 in 2015, 59 in 2016, 58 in 2017 and 55 in 2018. there were 174 non-fatal shootings in 2015, when police began creating the group violence intervention (gvi) unit, which targets at-risk members of the community and offers guidance and services to escape a life of violence and crime. the number rose to 188 in 2016, then dropped to 140 in 2017 and 114 in 2018. clearance rates hovered in the 50-percent range from 2014 to 2017, but improved to 71 percent in 2018. pittsburgh bureau of police chief scott schubert praised his officers, who take every homicide personally. he also credited residents for their willingness to work with police, and said officers would continue to focus on removing illegal firearms from the streets. “one homicide is too many in the city of pittsburgh, and we need to think about the victims’ families and what they go through when someone is murdered,” schubert said. “our job is not done. we still have a lot to do. but i’m very, very proud of the work of the pittsburgh police, day in and day out.” chief schubert added: “if we could go through a year without having any homicides, i’d be the happiest man in the world because it would mean families are not grieving.” 14/1/2019 15:10:48 police make arrests in 2017 homicide pittsburgh, pa (jan. 7, 2019) -- the western pennsylvania fugitive task force arrested tremayne wilmer, 47, of verona today on a charge of criminal homicide in the 2017 shooting death of augustus gray, 14. wilmer's girlfriend, nehlah stubblefield, 33, of verona was also arrested on charges of perjury and false swearing in connection with the investigation. police found gray shot in the head on nov. 25, 2017 in the 1300 block of paulson avenue. wilmer and stubblefield were booked into the allegheny county jail. (wilmer) (stubblefield) 7/1/2019 16:18:55 police make arrest in downtown shooting pittsburgh, pa (jan. 18, 2019) – pittsburgh bureau of police officers arrested roy johnson, 23, overnight and charged him with aggravated assault, attempted homicide and reckless endangerment of another person for a downtown shooting on jan. 7. police responded to a report of a male gunshot victim on the 900 block of liberty avenue around 2:15 a.m. on jan. 7. responding officers found the victim with multiple gunshot wounds. he was transported to a local hospital in critical condition. he has since been upgraded to stable. pittsburgh police would like to thank the public and the media for their assistance in this arrest. police released security camera images of a man wanted for questioning in connection to the shooting on jan. 16. after media shared the images, detectives received valuable tips leading to the arrest. investigations are always made easier when we receive residents’ help. 18/1/2019 08:49:16 update: public safety preparations for weekend snow storm pittsburgh, pa (jan. 18, 2019) -- the city of pittsburgh's public safety department continues to prepare for this weekend’s snow event, whether the storm is of an historic nature or not. the storm is expected to arrive midday or early afternoon saturday and last until sunday morning. extreme cold is expected to follow. in preparation, emergency medical services will have extra units, including four-wheel drive vehicles, in service. most all of the pittsburgh bureau of police vehicles are already all-wheel drive, and officers will be ready to respond to all calls for assistance. in addition, the pittsburgh bureau of fire has ensured that all of their vehicles have chains installed and will be ready to respond to any emergencies, including weather-related events. “i would like to urge all residents to stay safe and use good judgement during the storm,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “although the projected snow amounts vary, the department of public safety is prepared for the worst and we will be there for residents.” for more information as the storm develops in our area, please follow public safety on facebook and twitter (@pghpublicsafety) for updates and alerts. the public information office will utilize social media and other means to provide information in a timely manner. 18/1/2019 17:07:40 pittsburgh bureau of police promotion ceremony for immediate release pittsburgh, pa (january 22, 2019) - the pittsburgh bureau of police sergeant john fisher has been promoted to commander, assigned to the administrative branch. the ceremony was held today, tuesday, at 1:00 p.m. in the mayor’s office conference room. mayor william peduto joined the police command staff in congratulating fisher on his accomplishments and recognizing his exemplary career with the department. “thank you for your commitment to the police department and thank you to your family for their future commitment in your new position,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. sgt. fisher has had a storied career with the bureau of police. he is a 31-year veteran of the bureau. he has served in many capacities. he has worked at the training academy, within the traffic division, a patrol supervisor, a member of the swat unit, and with the narcotics and vice division “you were the right person to help take us to the next level in our accountability systems and our training,” police chief scott schubert told fisher. “you have a history with the pittsburgh police department of holding yourself accountable, holding others accountable, being fair, and being transparent.” with family at his side and his right hand raised, fisher was sworn-in by mayor peduto as the newest commander. then, his sons pinned his new badge on his uniform but it was his mother who would have the last word. “he’s wanted to be a policeman since he was eight years old. he made it and i’ve very proud of him!” said shirley pederson, fisher’s mother. 22/1/2019 15:18:14 alert: update on duquesne university student's death pittsburgh, pa (feb. 4, 2019) -- on oct. 4, 2018 at approximately 10:24 p.m., pittsburgh bureau of police officers were dispatched to brottier hall on the 700 block of forbes avenue to assist duquesne university police for a report of a male who had jumped from the 16th floor. pbp officers observed an unconscious male on the ground outside the building. pittsburgh ems transported the male to upmc mercy. he was pronounced dead at the hospital at 11:12 p.m. the victim was identified as duquesne university student marquis jaylen brown, 21, of washington, d.c. pittsburgh police took over the investigation because it involved the death of a student. according to the investigation: brown visited a friend’s off-campus apartment on the night of his death. he returned to his dorm/apartment on the 16th floor of brottier hall around 10 p.m. according to surveillance video and multiple witness statements, brown acted erratically in the elevator, in the 16th floor dorm hallway, and in his dorm room. as a result of his behavior, students called 911. duquesne university police and campus security officers responded at 10:05 p.m. the officers entered brown’s apartment minutes later and spoke to him and his roommate. the initial call was for a possible fight between roommates, but officers determined that there was no fight, and that the roommate was trying to calm brown. soon after the officers’ arrival, brown picked up a chair and broke a window. eye witnesses in the room -- including two duquesne university police officers, a campus security guard and a student resident assistant -- stated that brown then jumped out the window. brown’s roommate, who was in another room, was an audible witness. duquesne university police called ems and went outsider to render aid. pittsburgh police were then called to the scene. drug testing shows that brown had marijuana in his system. witnesses stated that there was no physical contact or confrontation between police and brown in the room. the case is closed pending any additional evidence. 4/2/2019 12:46:51 update: remains found in yard identified pittsburgh, pa (feb. 20, 2019) -- on wednesday, feb. 28, 2018 pittsburgh bureau of police officers responded to the 5400 block of black street for a report of skeletal remains in the rear of a residence. responding officers learned that the home had recently changed ownership and the new owners were doing construction in the yard. workers digging in the yard discovered the remains and called police. the remains were buried under a slab of concrete and assorted brick. the remains and other evidence, including clothing, were recovered by allegheny county medical examiner’s office investigators and detectives from the pittsburgh police crime scene unit. the remains were transported to the allegheny county medical examiner’s office. an investigation began, led by detective edward fallert. the remains appeared to have been buried in the yard for a significant amount of time. detectives checked missing persons reports and found no matches. det. fallert conferred with retired pittsburgh bureau of police assistant chief therese rocco, who had headed the bureau’s missing person’s division for many years before her retirement in 1994. assistant chief rocco was unable to identify the victim from police reports. however, while reviewing former owners and occupants of the residence, rocco remembered mary and albert arcuri, who were rocco’s former neighbors and friends more than 50 years ago. she recalled that in the mid-1960s, the story was that mary had left albert and was never seen or heard from again. no missing person report was filed and police were not notified. through further investigation, detectives learned that albert and mary arcuri purchased the residence in the early 1960s, and that in the fall of 1964, albert told family members that mary had left him. he stated that mary had taken her clothing and personal items and left. less than a year later (may, 1965), albert arcuri died when the car he was driving crashed into a building on baum boulevard, which was then the don allen chevrolet car dealership. investigators obtained a dna sample from a living family member. the remains and the sample were sent to unt center for human identification in texas for analysis. a forensic analyst from the lab last week confirmed that the remains are those of mary arcuri. the investigation is ongoing. at this time, no charges have been filed and police cannot speculate on how mary arcuri died or why she was buried in the back yard. anyone with information on this case is asked to call pittsburgh police at (412) 323-7161. note: surviving family have expressed their desire to not be contacted by media regarding this case. 20/2/2019 06:51:52 spring 2019 student police academy pittsburgh, pa (march 5, 2019) - the city of pittsburgh public safety department and the pittsburgh bureau of police announce the opening session of the spring 2019 student police academy on wednesday, march 6th. this is the largest student police academy class ever held with 34-registered participants.the program is open to high school students. for ten consecutive weeks, they will learn and observe various police operations and law enforcement tools used within the pittsburgh bureau of police. timely topic discussions with officers from various command levels and divisions provide an opportunity to understand the policies and rules police follow when responding to different incidents. the student police academy session will culminate with graduation in may. this year’s student police academy session includes a diverse group of students from parochial, charter, on-line, pittsburgh public and suburban school districts. the student police academy began in the fall of 2015. its mission is to develop and strengthen positive interactions between pittsburgh area youth and police in a non-confrontational environment. the program focuses on education and awareness so students have an opportunity to understand laws, policies, and the critical decision-making process that police follow when responding to any public safety situation. this program of exclusive engagement with police is an extension of community outreach that strives to satisfy the general interests of our youth and those who may be considering a career in law enforcement of criminal justice. 5/3/2019 15:58:00 public safety readies for st. patrick's day pittsburgh, pa (march 12, 2019) -- the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department has made preparations for the st. patrick’s day parade and celebrations saturday, march 16. to help commemorate the celebration, pittsburgh bureau of police vehicles in zone 2, which includes downtown, will display special st patrick’s day decals. (a photo of the decal can be found below.) police and public safety want city residents and visitors to celebrate safely and responsibly. as such, please be aware of several items associated with the celebration. road closures : to accommodate the annual st. patrick’s day parade, several roads will be closed downtown starting at 7:30 a.m. along the parade route, which includes liberty avenue, grant street, the boulevard of the allies and stanwix street. the parade will form on liberty avenue from 11th to 26th streets. streets will reopen at approximately 1 p.m. market square : the irish society for education & charity, inc., which organizes the parade, will host a family-friendly celebration in market square from 10 a.m. until 2 p.m. note: open containers of alcohol will not be permitted. businesses on the square will serve alcohol as usual, but patrons cannot leave the businesses and/or patios with drinks. dui patrols : pittsburgh bureau of police officers will be out targeting anyone who drives under the influence. plan ahead, take advantage of discounted lyft, uber and z-trip fares, and never drive while under the influence or get in a vehicle with a driver who is intoxicated. dui patrols will be actively looking for you if you do. pedestrian safety : wear light-colored clothing so motorists can see you. don’t wear headphones while walking. every year when clocks change, vehicle vs. pedestrian crashes increase. be aware. “please remember there will be zero tolerance for disruptive and illegal behavior,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “liquor control enforcement agents will be undercover to assure that bars and restaurants don’t serve alcohol to those under 21. underage drinking, fake id’s, alcohol poisoning, duis, falls from roofs and balconies are some of the illegal and dangerous behavior we’ve seen on st. patrick’s day. we want everyone to enjoy the celebrations, but to do so in a safe and responsible manner.” state police, county police, the mounted unit, police agencies from local universities and other public safety partners will be out in full force to prevent and stop illegal activities, and will cite or arrest those who violate laws. the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department wishes all a happy and safe st. patrick’s day. 12/3/2019 11:04:27 public safety statement on trial preparations pittsburgh, pa (march 13, 2019) -- in preparation of the upcoming trial of former east pittsburgh officer michael rosfeld, public safety will implement road restrictions around the perimeter of the allegheny county courthouse starting on tuesday, march 19. these road restrictions and closures will be in place while court is in session and should not create problems for the morning rush hour. however, they will result in delays at other times. a detour for motorists can be found here . sidewalks around the courthouse will remain open. in light of demonstrations held in the summer of 2018 in the city, public safety issued protest guidelines designed to maintain safety for everyone who resides in, works in or visits pittsburgh. those guidelines were posted in june, and are posted again here with updates to include additional “red zones,” including the busways. additional rolling road closures might occur in the event of public demonstrations. the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department and several partnering law enforcement agencies have prepared for the upcoming trial and always strive to keep everyone safe. throughout trial preparations, community outreach and members of the mayor’s office conferred with members of the public to assure a continuing line of communication. out of respect for the legal process and in order to maintain the integrity of the trial, public safety officials will offer no further comment at this time on the trial or public safety’s preparations. 13/3/2019 12:39:43 public safety statement on new zealand tragedy pittsburgh, pa (march 15, 2019) -- the city of pittsburgh learned of the events friday in new zealand with heavy hearts and an all-too-intimate understanding of what the people of new zealand are enduring. the pittsburgh bureau of police's intel unit monitors all threats to all city residents and visitors, and works closely with law enforcement agencies at local, state and federal levels. those efforts continue today, as always. public safety officials have been in contact with local islamic leaders and have increased patrols at mosques and other locales. the city of pittsburgh will protect all houses of worship and the right to freely and safely practice your religion without fear. as mayor william peduto noted following the tragic events of oct. 27, 2018 in the tree of life synagogue, pittsburgh got its asterisk that day. we were added to the long list of communities who have suffered unimaginable loss as the result of ignorance and extremism. today we stand with the people of christchurch, new zealand. we offer our deepest condolences. and we will continue to stand united against all forms of hate. 15/3/2019 10:26:44 alert: new hire 20/3/2019 14:49:07 alert: public safety statement on rosfeld verdict pittsburgh, pa (march. 22, 2019) -- while preparing for the end of the michael rosfeld trial, the focus and singular goal of the city of pittsburgh's public safety department was to keep the city safe. that remains our focus tonight. it will remain our focus in the days to come. if demonstrations occur, pittsburgh police will be present to assure safety for everyone -- including demonstrators, residents, business owners and visitors to our city. we know from experience that when pittsburgh experiences hardships, we come together as a community. public safety's mission is and always will be to keep everyone safe. 22/3/2019 21:30:09 test test 29/3/2019 09:17:24 pittsburgh bureau of police hold graduation ceremony for 28 officers pittsburgh, pa (april 2, 2019) – the pittsburgh bureau of police welcomed 28 new officers tuesday evening during a training academy graduation ceremony for recruit class br 18-02. the class of 28 graduates began their training in august. they will spend the next four months in field training, during which they will be partnered with experienced officers for further training. mayor william peduto, public safety director wendell hissrich and pittsburgh police chief scott schubert were among those to congratulate the officers during a ceremony at the community college of allegheny county’s foerster student center. “you have the responsibility to watch out for one another; you have the responsibility to make sure that your fellow officers are safe,” mayor peduto said. “you have a responsibility to represent the people of pittsburgh and work with them. ... you will be there with people as they suffer the loss of loved ones, and they will look to you for comfort.” the class includes five females, an iraqi native and a native of india. “you will become representatives of this city," director hissrich said. "your mission is to become role models to the young children and the foundation of our communities." chief schubert welcomed the officers to the pittsburgh police family. “one of the most amazing things about being in law-enforcement is the family in blue who gladly accepts us with open arms and understands who we are and what we go through,” chief schubert said. “i encourage you to have an open mind and to learn from everyone. they all have vast experience and will ease you into your new role as a servant and guardian.” 2/4/2019 21:19:32 public safety and city of pittsburgh covid-19 update pittsburgh, pa (april 9, 2020) - the pittsburgh bureau of police has received confirmation that three additional personnel have tested positive for covid-19. an instructor with the police academy, an officer working in the administrative branch, and a police recruit have received positive test results. all three are in self-isolation at home. police officials are in the process of identifying and notifying anyone who may have had contact with these individuals and placing them in self-quarantine. there are now four positive covid-19 cases within the pittsburgh bureau of police. no one has required hospitalization at this point. police are in regular contact with all four individuals and are closely monitoring their health and well-being. in addition, two city of pittsburgh environmental services employees have also tested positive for the virus. other environmental services employees who may have been in contact with the two are in self-quarantine as a precaution. for privacy reasons, the names of the individuals impacted by the virus are not being released. 9/4/2020 12:59:11 pittsburgh ems promotes four new chiefs pittsburgh, pa (april 15, 2019) – four members of pittsburgh emergency medical services were promoted to chiefs monday afternoon in council chambers during a promotions ceremony. ems chief ron romano, public safety director wendell hissrich, and mayor william peduto congratulated the chiefs on their new positions and thanked them for their dedicated service to the city. the new chiefs are: district chief justin sypolt, division chief richard linn, assistant chief mark pinchalk and deputy chief amera gilchrist. five paramedics who finished their probation periods also were sworn in to their new positions. the new paramedics are: sean chellar, david czurko, jocelyn hetrick, joshua lane and nicholas lawrence. deputy chief gilchrist is the first female and the first minority to be ems deputy chief. “today a glass ceiling has been broken and it is my hope that the city’s dedication to diversity and inclusiveness in public safety gives women and minorities the courage to know that we are supported,” gilchrist said. “i am proud to live and work in the city of pittsburgh. i am proud to work alongside all of you. i am proud that, because of my parents, the word ‘can’t’ has never been in my dna. i pray that my children see the limitless future that awaits them and they too will believe ‘can’t’ is not in their dna.” (deputy chief amera gilchrist) mayor peduto said the ceremony signified “a transitional day” in pittsburgh. “not only are we seeing new equipment that is being procured by the city, not only are we seeing changes that are occurring within the work day and manning of power, but we‘re seeing a change in leadership, a generational change of leaders that are coming on board now and officially being sworn in today,” he said. hissrich praised the hard work of all ems officials. he noted that in 2018, ems responded to 59,368 calls, of which 41,000 resulted in an emergency room transport. “i think that’s incredible for the amount of personnel we have in the city of pittsburgh, and we’re currently at 201,” hissrich said. “it’s amazing the amount of calls they are handling.” chief romano added: “this is the ems leadership group now and for the future. and with this leadership groups in place, the future is bright for pittsburgh ems.” 15/4/2019 16:45:05 police publish policies online pittsburgh, pa (april 18, 2019) – as part of the pittsburgh bureau of police’s efforts to promote transparency, police chief scott schubert has instructed that the majority of the bureau’s policies be posted online. “the policies have been put in place to ensure ethical and professional conduct on the part of the men and women of the pittsburgh bureau of police; to ensure equitable and constitutional enforcement of law; and to ensure that all members are dedicated to the principles of procedural justice: voice, neutrality, respect and trustworthiness,” chief schubert said. “our proud participation in the national initiative for building community trust & justice has solidified our long-held belief that our legitimacy as law enforcement is contingent upon many factors, including transparency. the pittsburgh bureau of police believes strongly in being transparent. transparency fosters trust." the policies are available on the city website (  ). public safety director wendell hissrich said it is important to provide the public with the opportunity to review policies and how police officers may interact with the community. “police are here to serve and protect the public, and they do so on a daily basis,” director hissrich said. “transparency is a key component of building relationships with the community, and this is a positive and important step in that direction.” mayor william peduto applauded the move, which is the latest in the bureau’s efforts to improve community relations. "the pittsburgh bureau of police has made great strides in community outreach and openness the last five years, from sharing crime data to joining the national initiative and this latest move to share its internal policies with the public,” mayor peduto said. “i want to thank the leadership of the bureau and every last member of the force for their dedication to both protecting and opening dialogue with the greater pittsburgh community.” 18/4/2019 10:35:10 cops and kids 2019 pittsburgh police cops and kids summer camp 2019 (pittsburgh, pa) april 24, 2019 – this fall, go back to school with the best “what i did last summer” story of them all. for 12 years running, the pittsburgh bureau of police has been hosting children ages 8 to 12 at its annual cops and kids summer camp. police are already gearing up for this year’s camp. this summer, police will offer four week-long camp sessions designed to give kids hands-on interactions with public safety specialty units, including police, fire and emergency medical services. campers will also have the opportunity to explore – up close – our swat vehicle, meet members of the police k-9 unit, and act as detectives in a mock crime scene. “cops and kids isn’t just a camp, but a life-changing experience,” zone 4 officer tyler pashel said. “i remember being 12 years old and in one of the very first cops and kids camps myself. the program gives young people the chance to not only interact with police, but interact with them in a positive, fun learning environment. cops and kids could be more than a fun summer camp. it could show kids that a career in public safety is their calling, like it did for me.” each daily session runs from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. two meals, snacks, uniforms, and transportation to and from the campsite is provided. there is no fee to attend. fifty campers are invited to attend each session at the following locations: session 1: july 8-12 at the university of pittsburgh session 2: july 15- 19 at duquesne university session 3: july 22-26 at duquesne university session 4: august 5-9 at ccac – allegheny campus to register, pick up a brochure at police headquarters at 1203 western avenue, pittsburgh, pa 15233, complete the registration form and return it in person or by fax at 412-323-7830. applications can also be found online at  . registrants will be notified by telephone and/or mail if your application is accepted. applications will be accepted until may 31, 2019. no exceptions. applications are accepted on a first-come, first-served basis and applicants must be city of pittsburgh residents. out-of-city applicants are eligible to apply, but will be placed on a waiting list. if the camp does not reach maximum capacity, wait-listed applicants will be notified. however parents or guardians must provide their own transportation to the camps. **please note: hunger and homelessness remain a daily reality for many pittsburghers. in an effort to help those in need, we ask campers who can to bring a non-perishable food item or personal hygiene product on their first day of camp. "i hope you're proud of yourself for the times you've said 'yes,' when all it meant was extra work for you and was seemingly helpful only to somebody else." – fred rogers 23/4/2019 16:30:24 national drug take back day alert: saturday is national prescription drug take back day (pittsburgh, pa) april 24, 2019 – the opioid drug crisis continues to ravage communities around the country and across the commonwealth. six million americans misuse controlled prescription drugs, according to the 2017 national survey on drug use and health. this saturday, april 27, pittsburghers have an opportunity to protect their communities and help diminish prescription drug abuse. from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., all six pittsburgh police zones, phillips rec center in carrick, and other locations around the city, will be accepting expired, unused, and unwanted prescription drugs for safe disposal as part of the drug enforcement administration’s 17th national take-back initiative. “we as a community need to do our part to help prevent drug addiction and overdoses. this day allows us to participate in the prevention,” said pittsburgh police sergeant rebecca bassano. the federal drug enforcement administration holds two drug take back events each year. during the october event in pittsburgh last year, police collected 318 pounds of drugs. nationally, nearly 4,800 law enforcement partners participated in the event last fall, collecting a record 914, 236 pounds -- or 457 tons – of unused or unwanted prescription drugs. this initiative addresses a vital public safety and public health issue. medicines that languish in home cabinets are highly susceptible to misuse, and abuse. studies show that the majority of misused and abused prescription drugs are obtained from family and friends, including from the home medicine cabinet. in addition, americans are advised that disposing of unused medicines by flushing them down the toilet or throwing them in the trash, poses potential safety and health hazards. for more information about the safe disposal of prescription drugs or about the april 27, take back day event, visit www.deatakeback.com drop off locations: zone 1: 1501 brighton rd, 15212 zone 2: 2000 centre ave, 15219 zone 3: 830 e warrington ave, 15210 zone 4: 5858 northumberland st, 15217 zone 5: 1401 washington blvd, 15206 zone 6: 312 south main st, 15220 phillips rec center: 201 parkfield st, 15210 police headquarters: 1203 western ave, 15233 for those who can’t participate this weekend, permanent drop-off boxes are located at pittsburgh police headquarters and zone 6. 25/4/2019 10:07:56 pittsburgh bureau of police hold promotion ceremony pittsburgh, pa (april 26, 2019) – two sergeants were promoted to lieutenant and nine officers were promoted to sergeant friday afternoon during a pittsburgh bureau of police promotion ceremony in council chambers. william s. hohos and patrick l. knepp were promoted to lieutenant. sergeant promotions went to christopher a. braden, brendan a. flicker, logan d. hanley, carla l. kearns, dawn m. mercurio, donald i. mitchell, jr., mark j. rush, daniel r. stoddard and william d. watts. “we’re all leaders within the pittsburgh bureau of police, regardless of assignment,” police chief scott schubert said. “but you have the task of overseeing the shifts and ensuring that the philosophy, the mission, is being upheld and, most importantly, looking out for the welfare of our officers day in and day out to make sure they go home.” public safety director wendell hissrich said he was deeply impressed with the promoted officers' resumes. “i look at each personnel file and this is one of the most impressive selections i’ve seen,” director hissrich said. “the background of each of the sergeants and the officers being promoted today, the experience, the knowledge, the skills you present will certainly go a long way in providing security and expertise to the new officers coming on and the officers already on the street.” mayor william peduto swore in the newly-promoted lieutenants and sergeants. “thank you for your dedication to the pittsburgh bureau of police, thank you for your dedication to the people of pittsburgh,” mayor peduto said. “this promotion is based upon merit. you are being promoted because it is believed you have the ability to lead others, that you have through your career shown the ability to wear the uniform in a way that brings respect.” 26/4/2019 15:43:37 public safety response to california shooting pittsburgh, pa (april 27, 2019) — the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department is aware of the synagogue shooting in southern california and continues to monitor the situation. “we are in contact with our law enforcement partners in california, our local partners, and with federal law enforcement,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “we will enhance security precautions as necessary.” as always, public safety urges the public to remain vigilant and to call 911 if you see anything suspicious. “we understand this heartache all too well,” hissrich said. “our thoughts are with those in the san diego area, and our actions locally are and will continue to be focused on keeping everyone safe.” 27/4/2019 17:58:40 police announce nine arrests in violent 2014 spree pittsburgh, pa (may 2, 2019) -- a years-long investigation of gang activity in the city’s southern neighborhoods has resulted in multiple grand jury indictments and nine arrests — including the arrests of four people who are charged in the 2014 murder of omar hodges, a city of pittsburgh refuse worker. the arrests clear multiple cases and dismantle the leadership of organized criminal groups that waged a violent war on the streets of pittsburgh in october, 2014. -- on oct. 11, 2014, three people were shot and wounded on the 3100 block of cordell place. -- on oct. 12, 2014, one man was shot on the 3000 block of arlington avenue. -- on oct. 13, 2014, omar hodges, 29, was fatally shot while sitting in his car on the 1300 block of birmingham avenue shortly before beginning his shift as a refuse collector. -- on oct. 20, 2014, a male was kidnapped and tortured. the investigation connects additional crimes to the groups, including a dec. 22, 2014 shooting of a man on allen street. police investigated the violence from the start, at which time they determined that federal investigators were conducting a drug trafficking investigation of these groups. in 2016, pittsburgh violent crimes detectives (including joseph fabus, garrett spory and edward fallert) and narcotics detective eric harpster took over the investigation. through their diligence and hard work, they connected the shootings and kidnapping to the federal drug investigation and obtained new evidence and witnesses. in 2018, a grand jury convened. the grand jury was necessary for several reasons, including to assure the protection of key witnesses from ongoing retaliatory violence. in january, 2019, the grand jury returned indictments on nine people in connection to the violence from october, 2014. police have now arrested all nine suspects: gemere bey, 29, of beltzhoover is charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping, burglary, terroristic threats and recklessly endangering another person. christopher bradley-bey, 25, of beltzhoover is charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping, burglary, terroristic threats and recklessly endangering another person. holman brown, 27, of beltzhoover is charged with homicide, criminal conspiracy, aggravated assault, kidnapping, burglary, carrying a firearm without a license, terroristic threats and reckless endangerment of another person. christopher brown, 26, of beltzhoover is charged with homicide, aggravated assault, and criminal conspiracy. corey cheatom, 27, of beltzhoover is charged  with homicide, attempted homicide, aggravated assault, criminal conspiracy, tampering with evidence, and other charges. sheraun davis, 35, of mckees rocks is charged with attempted homicide, criminal conspiracy and aggravated assault. shakeem davis, 28, of mckees rocks is charged with attempted homicide, criminal conspiracy and aggravated assault. cody duncan, 27, of beltzhoover is charged with aggravated assault and criminal conspiracy. lance gardenhire, 43, of beltzhoover is charged with homicide, aggravated assault and solicitation. detectives relied on video evidence, ballistic evidence, cell phone analysis and social media analysis as part of the investigation. in addition, multiple witness statements were obtained by pbp detectives in locations across the country. the investigation revealed that the two violent groups -- “zhoove” from beltzhoover and “darccide” from st. clair village -- engaged in an all-out turf war that included gang members placing bounties of up to $20,000 on the heads of rival gang leaders. omar hodges was a victim of this senseless battle. he had no gang affiliation. he was an innocent, hard-working man who was killed while sitting in his car and waiting to go to work simply because his car resembled the vehicle of a high-ranking gang leader. four of the suspects arrested -- lance gardenhire, chris brown, holman brown and corey cheatom -- have been charged with homicide in hodges’ death. these arrests illustrate that pittsburgh police do not rest on open investigations. years may pass. but detectives continue to question and push for answers. the results of this investigation come from excellent collaboration between homicide detectives, narcotics detectives, the intelligence unit and zone 3 detectives. this investigation also shows the importance of investigators receiving help from the public. when witnesses come forward, we solve crimes. thanks to the cooperation of the public, nine dangerous people are in custody and facing significant prison sentences. many agencies played a hand in this investigation, including: the allegheny county district attorney’s office, the drug enforcement agency, the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives, the us attorneys office, the allegheny county crime lab. 2/5/2019 10:25:19 road closures for marathon weekend start friday pittsburgh, pa (may 2, 2019) – this weekend is the 11th running of the pittsburgh marathon since its return in 2009. more than 35,000 people will participate in one or more of the weekend races, and tens of thousands of others will spectate from the sidelines. this is a major annual event, and as such residents and visitors to pittsburgh should be aware of preparations, including road closures. downtown road closures will begin friday at noon on the boulevard of the allies between wood street and stanwix street. this closure will remain in effect through sunday’s final races. additional road closures will occur saturday on the north shore and downtown for the 5k and kids marathon. sunday will bring the largest number of road closures, affecting multiple neighborhoods, as the course wends 26.2 miles through the north side, west end, south side, east end and downtown. closures along the course route begin as early as 1:30 a.m. sunday morning. note: cars that are not moved along the route will be towed. marathon officials have spent months notifying residents who will be affected, and signs have been posted to signify the closures. for a full list of closures, go to  public safety and city officials will line the course with marathon officials to make sure all goes smoothly. as always, public safety director wendell hissrich reminds people that if you see anything suspicious, call 911. “we wish the best to all runners, and we hope those runners and spectators enjoy our city and the great tradition of the pittsburgh marathon,” hissrich said. “public safety, including members of the pittsburgh bureau of police, pittsburgh fire bureau, emergency medical services, emergency management as well as several partner agencies will be out in great numbers to assure that everyone stays safe.” 2/5/2019 15:45:20 police comfort dog joins pittsburgh bureau of police pittsburgh, pa (may 2, 2019) the pittsburgh bureau of police is thrilled to introduce the newest, smallest, and definitely cutest member of the force, zane. zane is a 9-month-old purebred golden retriever who hails from a breeder in latrobe, pa. as the bureau's first-ever comfort dog, his police duties will include providing aid during critical and traumatic incidents, peer support and community outreach. in hebrew, zane's name means "gift and prayed for." following the tragic mass shooting at the tree of life synagogue in squirrel hill last october, canine first responders from all over the country came to pittsburgh to help comfort both first responders and the community. "i watched people during the debriefings at that time who were anxious and didn't want to be there, but as soon as the dogs came in, you could just see their anxiety levels dropping," said pittsburgh police sergeant carla kearns, who proposed the idea of finding a comfort dog for the bureau. zane will be in the care of pittsburgh police officer victoria butch in zone 4. as a community resource officer who is specially trained in critical and traumatic incidents, crisis intervention, and community outreach, officer butch was the perfect fit as zane's handler. unlike the bureau's other working dogs who can't be pet, zane will be pivotal in helping calm victims of violent crime during interviews, as well during critical incidents and events. he will also be out in the community for meet and greets when he's ready to serve in about 6-8 weeks. still in training for his new position, zane still requires another round of shots, he will then attend obedience school before moving on to attain his comfort dog certification at misty pines in sewickley. once officially sworn, zane will have a badge and all the rights of any other police canine. welcome to the pittsburgh bureau of police zane. 2/5/2019 16:11:41 analysis: crime dropped during first quarter pittsburgh, pa (may 4, 2019) – crime rates dropped in pittsburgh over the first quarter of the year, according to the pittsburgh bureau of police’s crime analysis unit. overall, pittsburgh saw a 7% decrease in all crimes compared to the same time frame last year and a 12% decrease compared to the five-year average. violent crime was down 16% over the first quarter and down 29% over five years. “these first quarter numbers are encouraging and they are the result of the hard work our officers and detectives put in daily,” police chief scott schubert said. “but we recognize that work remains. we will continue in our commitment to community and relations-based police work with the ultimate goal of eliminating all crime.” the first quarter 2019 uniform crime report (ucr) stat sheets for each individual zone have been posted to the zones’ facebook pages. below is the stat sheet for the entire city. "a number of factors contribute to these positive trends, including the use of technology such as security cameras and the expansion of the shotspotter system," public safety director wendell hissrich said. "but these improved numbers would not be possible without the work of chief schubert, his command staff and every officer who has embraced community police work. pittsburgh is a great city. we are determined to make it great for everyone who lives, works and visits here." 4/5/2019 10:45:43 alert: public safety statement on garth brooks concert pittsburgh, pa (may 16, 2019) – pittsburgh public safety and several partner law enforcement agencies are prepared to ensure a safe experience for all at the garth brooks concert saturday at heinz field. the concert is expected to be the largest event in heinz field history. as such, pittsburgh public safety – including police, fire, ems and emergency management – will work with agencies including the pennsylvania state police, liquor control enforcement, port authority police, heinz field security and county agencies to ensure safety for all inside and outside the venue. “this will be a landmark event in heinz field history and we hope everyone enjoys the experience,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “with that enjoyment comes responsibility, and our officers in uniform and in plainclothes will address any type of disorderly conduct, to include fighting, public intoxication, underage drinking, and any other illegal behavior that diminishes the experience of law-abiding citizens.” mounted units from pittsburgh police and state police will be present, as will the fire boat, river rescue, k-9 and other specialty units. multiple traffic officers on motorcycles will help direct traffic. parking lots will open at 2 p.m. vehicles will not be permitted to park in roadways while awaiting their opening. in addition, once the concert begins at 7 p.m., tailgates and other parties will not be permitted in the parking lots. the weather is forecast to be warm with temperatures near 80 degrees and possible thunderstorms in the afternoon. drink responsibly, stay hydrated and be prepared for quick changes in the weather. there will be 32 ems personnel working inside of the stadium for the concert, plus two physicians. two cycle units will monitor the parking lots. pittsburgh ems will be assisted on scene by local ems agencies including munhall, tri-community, cranberry, foxwall, fayette, ross westview, plum, eastern area and parkview. pittsburgh is accustomed to hosting large events, particularly downtown and on the north shore. as with any large event, director hissrich encourages attendees: “if you see something suspicious, please say something. we are there to protect.” note : director hissrich will hold a media availability to discuss the concert today at 1:30 p.m. in the public safety conference room on the 4th floor of the city-county building. 16/5/2019 11:08:03 new police decals celebrate pride month pittsburgh, pa. (june 5, 2019) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police has placed new pride decals on patrol vehicles for the month of june to show support for pride month, which celebrates the lgbtqia+ community. the decals are part of the bureau’s ongoing work with the national initiative and is in line with the task force report on 21st century policing. "the pride decals as well as the other decals we proudly display on our vehicles throughout the year symbolize our focus on inclusiveness, community police work and building bridges with everyone in the city of pittsburgh," police chief scott schubert said. "we know that pittsburgh is stronger together, and that means inclusion of every community and community member." beyond the decals, the bureau has a certified sexual orientation, gender identity and expression trainer who developed a lgbtqia+ curriculum as part of the crisis intervention team training. the trainer has presented at state and national conferences on this topic. it is mandatory that all members of the bureau go through lgbtqia+ training. “relationships can only be built at the speed of trust,” commander eric holmes said. “our decal program is yet another example of how we are working to build a bridge to the communities we serve.” the city of pittsburgh and pbp believe the decals play an important role in celebrating diversity and inclusion. the bureau scored 100% on the equality index from the human rights campaign.  pittsburgh pride celebrations will be held june 7-9 in areas throughout downtown and the north side. expect road closures, including: june 6 (at 8 p.m.) to june 10 (at 6 a.m.) ft. duquesne boulevard between 7th street and the 10th street bypass 8th street between penn avenue and ft. duquesne boulevard garrison place between ft. duquesne boulevard and french street maddock place between penn avenue ft. duquesne boulevard 9th street between ft. duquesne boulevard and french street 9th street between french street and penn avenue french street between 9th street and garrison place (west bound traffic only) june 7 (at 8 p.m.) to june 10 (at 6 a.m.) andy warhol bridge between isabella street and ft. duquesne boulevard june 8 (6 a.m. to 11 p.m.) isabella street at sandusky street vulcan way between east general robinson street and isabella street june 9 (8 a.m. to 3 p.m.) boulevard of the allies between grant street and commonwealth place first ave between boulevard of the allies and smithfield street grant street between boulevard of the allies and 6th street fifth avenue between penn avenue and grant street liberty avenue between fifth avenue and stanwix street wood street between third avenue and first avenue smithfield street between oliver avenue and first avenue cherry way between oliver avenue and first avenue mcmasters way between market square and fifth avenue court place between ross street and grant street 5/6/2019 14:01:59 mid-atlantic police motorcycle rodeo comes to pittsburgh pittsburgh, pa. (june 21, 2019) -- pittsburgh is playing host this week to the 41st annual mid-atlantic police motorcycle rodeo . in 1979, the first rodeo was held in the washington, d.c. metropolitan area to build both skills and working relationships between motorcycle officers. this year, the main competition takes place tomorrow, saturday, june 22, with 20 police departments and 78 riders taking part. with timed event courses such as the mouse trap and the snowman and precision courses such as the beehive, the rattler and the three rivers, spectators will be treated to one of the finest displays of police and ems motorcycle skills in north america. for the 2019 event, the mid-atlantic police motorcycle rodeo has chosen to support the special olympics of pennsylvania to support year-round sports training and competition for children and adults with intellectual disabilities. see event details below. location: art rooney avenue outside heinz field time: 8:30 – 9:00 a.m. opening ceremony with riders in full duty uniform. 9:00 – 11:00 a.m. main competition 11:00 – 12:00 lunch 12:00 – 2:00 p.m. main competition continues 2:00 – 4:00 p.m. team competition 21/6/2019 08:17:29 pittsburgh bureau of police hold promotion ceremony pittsburgh, pa (june 24, 2019) –five officers were promoted to sergeant monday afternoon during a pittsburgh bureau of police promotion ceremony in council chambers. anthony d. agliori, timothy h. cole, matthew p. gardner, maxfield p. holz and elizabeth merkel were promoted to the rank of sergeant. “i think sergeant is one of the most critical positions within the pittsburgh bureau of police,” police chief scott schubert said. “you’re going to have a lot of people coming up to you asking for advice that has nothing to do with work. remember to treat them with respect, with compassion, because they might be dealing with something where they need advice, they need to talk. there’s nothing better than someone who stays there and listens to them.” public safety director wendell hissrich said he was consistently impressed with the officers’ level of devotion and dedication to the city, their integrity and their selfless desire to aid our communities. “they do this each and every day, often at the expense of time spent with their loved ones. i’d also like to thank the friends and families for their sacrifice, day in and day out, for understanding the role these officers play in protecting the city that we all love.” mayor william peduto swore in the newly-promoted sergeants. “a sergeant is somebody who is gone to in a crisis, in the moment when an incident is happening and the officers look to the sergeant to make that decisive call. but it’s not only in those crisis moments that your leadership will be needed. your leadership will be needed every day...every day you wear that uniform. for you wear the uniform for all of those who have worn it before and everyone who will wear it after.” 24/6/2019 15:16:26 pittsburgh police announce command staff moves pittsburgh, pa (june 26, 2019) the department of public safety and the pittsburgh bureau of police continually evaluate all of their duty locations in an effort to improve and enhance them where needed, and to provide the best police protection and service to city residents. to that end the bureau of police is today announcing important changes to its command staff, with four commanders moving to new positions within the bureau. the changes are: commander jason lando from zone 5 to the narcotics and vice division commander stephen vinansky from zone 6 to zone 5 commander cristyn zett from zone 2 to zone 6 commander reyne kacsuta from narcotics and vice to zone 2 periodic personnel shifts are an effective way of providing professional development opportunities for command staff while providing a fresh perspective in their new posts. additionally, new positions allow commanders to gain valuable experience in different communities, work with new officers and share original ideas and perspectives that will serve to enhance the effectiveness of the police bureau. with the level of professionalism and skill each of these commanders possess, the pittsburgh bureau of police is assured this transition will be seamless and that our community will continue to be well-served. the transfers will be effective july 8, 2019. maps of each of the six police zones are available here. please join us in congratulating the commanders on their new posts. 26/6/2019 13:23:52 fourth of july security announcement pittsburgh, pa (july 1, 2019) – pittsburgh public safety and several partner law enforcement agencies will be out in force thursday to ensure a safe experience for all during fourth of july celebrations. as usual, public safety expects large numbers of people to congregate at various locations, including the north shore, downtown, mt. washington and point state park. although certain consumer fireworks were legalized last year, fireworks are a fire hazard and pose significant dangers to humans. as a reminder, fireworks are not allowed in point state park. in addition, city law prohibits the use of any fireworks, even those that are legal, within 150 feet of any structure. police will arrest and/or cite anyone caught illegally setting off fireworks. "the fourth of july is a great american tradition and a great pittsburgh tradition, but we want and expect people to celebrate responsibly,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “as in past years, there will be zero-tolerance for any type of disorderly conduct, to include illegal use of fireworks, fighting, public intoxication, underage drinking, or any type of violence.” other prohibited items in the park include, but are not limited to: alcohol, drones, grills, laser pointers, weapons, explosives or ammunition. open carry is not permitted. law enforcement will establish security checks inside the park to screen bags for prohibited items. state, county and city mounted units will be present; river rescue, pittsburgh bureau of fire and the coast guard will be on the city’s three rivers to enforce laws. pittsburgh ems, state park rangers and multiple partner agencies, including allegheny county police, the county sheriff’s office, state police, port authority police and juvenile probation will team up to assure a safe experience for all. temperatures are expected to be warm and humid. please limit alcohol intake and drink plenty of water. do not drink and drive. patrols will be out searching for and arresting impaired drivers. remember your pets: many dogs are panicked by fireworks and will jump fences when they begin. in the days leading up to the fourth of july, animal care & control officers respond to an average of 10 loose dogs a day. please keep them in a safe place. in addition, public safety reminds residents that celebratory gunfire remains a problem in many cities, particularly on the fourth of july and new year’s eve. any bullet discharged from a gun into the air must land somewhere, and when it does there is significant risk of injury or death. pittsburgh police in all six zones will respond to shotspotter activations and arrest anyone caught discharging a firearm in public. lastly, regarding fireworks, public safety officials and upmc gave a demonstration last year on the dangers of fireworks, even those that are now legal. a video of that event and more information can be found here:  public safety wishes all a happy and safe fourth of july. 1/7/2019 15:20:08 pittsburgh bureau of police hold graduation ceremony for 24 officers pittsburgh, pa (july 2, 2019) – the pittsburgh bureau of police welcomed 24 new officers tuesday evening during a training academy graduation ceremony for recruit class br 18-03. the class of 24 graduates began their training on december 3, 2018. they will spend the next four months in field training, during which they will be partnered with experienced officers for further training before they can work on their own. mayor william peduto, public safety director wendell hissrich and pittsburgh police chief scott schubert were among those on hand to congratulate the officers during a ceremony at the community college of allegheny county’s foerster student center. “this is not a job. this is a vocation,” mayor peduto said. “it is something that only a few get a calling to do in life. it is something where you will be with people in the worst moment of their life and they’ll be looking at you for comfort.” the class included one female, six veterans, and one recruit who holds a doctorate in music. “take care of each other. you’re now part of the pittsburgh bureau of police family,” director hissrich said. “rely on each other. your training has really just begun. when you hit the streets take note of the good things that the officers do day to day and replicate it.” chief schubert told recruits they have the training, the newly-acquired skills, and the equipment to apply to real world situations. “it’s not an easy job and it comes with awesome power of discretion…power that you must not take lightly,” chief schubert said. “you’re in a rare position where you can change a life, save a life, or take a life, all in the same day. how you use that power will define who you are and what you stand for.” 2/7/2019 21:53:49 police, city investigating playground altercation pittsburgh, pa (july 2, 2019) -- pittsburgh bureau of police officers responded to a report of an altercation on a playground on the 300 block of saline street on tuesday, june 25 at 4:45 p.m. responding officers from zone 4 found an adult male holding down a juvenile male on playground equipment. officers immediately ordered the adult to release the juvenile. the adult accused the juvenile of vandalizing an abandoned construction truck near the playground. both parties accused the other of throwing punches, and said they returned punches only in self-defense. police did not witness the alleged assault(s), but video footage from the juvenile victim’s family also showed the adult pinning the boy down. officers continued to investigate. on saturday, june 29, police applied for a warrant via summons for the adult actor, thomas d’andrea, 46. the district attorney’s office approved the charges. d’andrea is charged with simple assault and criminal mischief. police are continuing to investigate. d’andrea is a city of pittsburgh firefighter. he has been placed on administrative leave. the office of municipal investigations is investigating. 2/7/2019 14:18:34 police release 2018 annual report pittsburgh, pa (july 3, 2019) – the pittsburgh bureau of police posted online the 2018 annual report . “as part of our commitment to transparency, we encourage members of the community to explore every aspect of the report to learn as much as possible about our agency and our efforts to keep our communities safe while serving the public with a high level of professionalism, courage, integrity, respect and compassion,” police chief scott schubert said. “although 2018 was difficult on some levels, we are extremely proud of the many accomplishments our bureau achieved throughout the year.” the report details statistics including a 19 percent reduction in non-fatal shootings, 5 percent reduction in homicides, and 71 percent clearance rate in homicide cases. the report also provides information on the bureau’s continuing body worn camera program, officer wellness, community outreach and neighborhood by neighborhood crime breakdowns. “what stood out most to me was how the community and public safety came together as one to overcome one of the darkest days in pittsburgh history during the synagogue attack,” chief schubert said. “we will never forget the victims of the tree of life, new light and dor hadash congregations or the selfless courage our officers and other members of public safety displayed during and after the senseless tragedy. together, pittsburgh showed the world that we are one and that we are truly stronger than hate.” to view the full report, go to:  3/7/2019 15:37:52 police release 2018 annual report 3/7/2019 15:29:06 update on downtown shooting pittsburgh, pa (july 5, 2019) – the pittsburgh bureau of police continues to investigate a double-shooting downtown last night that occurred as crowds moved out of the downtown area following fourth of july celebrations. the latest on the investigation: just after 11 p.m., several people became involved in a fight in katz plaza on the 600 block of penn avenue. multiple gunshots were fired and two males were struck. medics transported the victims to local hospitals in critical condition. at this time, both victims remain in critical condition. detectives from the violent crimes unit and group violence intervention are actively investigating this shooting. that investigation includes looking for and speaking with witnesses, and checking for any video that captured the shooting. it is likely that numerous people witnessed the shooting as downtown was extremely crowded at the time of the incident. we know from experience that when witnesses come forward, police solve crimes. the bureau encourages anyone with information on this shooting to call police at (412) 323-7800. moving forward, public safety will work with partner law enforcement agencies and the mayor's office to explore any and all options to avoid similar violence at future events in the city. this includes the possibility of additional buses to move people out of downtown following the fireworks, additional lighting and additional patrols. as always, community outreach will play a key role in any decision-making process. updates on the shooting investigation will be provided when available by the public safety pio office. note: public safety director wendell hissrich, major crimes commander victor joseph and additional members of police command staff will be available today for a briefing at 11:30 a.m. at police headquarters. 5/7/2019 10:30:32 six new paramedics sworn in pittsburgh, pa (july 11, 2019) – six paramedics were sworn in as the newest members of the pittsburgh bureau of emergency medical services during a ceremony thursday in council chambers. the new paramedics are: marvin balk, elliott brown, austin hsin, sean mcgrath, nicholas okwiya and john saliba. “they have been with us now for a period of six months and we are glad to swear them all in,” ems chief ronald romano said while addressing the families. “thank you for being here for them and supporting them for the work they do for the citizens of pittsburgh.” public safety director wendell hissrich also addressed the families and friends of the new paramedics. "there are challenges out there,” hissrich said. “every day will not be a save. please provide them with the support that they need.” mayor william peduto swore the new medics into their new positions and called on them to show courage and compassion on the job. “to your family members, we thank you for sharing them with us,” peduto said. “we will watch over them.” 11/7/2019 17:29:07 update: police issue warrant in fourth of july shooting pittsburgh, pa (july 11, 2019) – pittsburgh bureau of police obtained an arrest warrant thursday afternoon in the double shooting on july 4, 2019 inside the agnes r. katz plaza in the cultural district. camerin caldwell, 18, of the north side faces charges of criminal attempt homicide (two counts), aggravated assault (two counts), reckless endangerment (two counts), and firearms violations. caldwell should be considered armed and dangerous. he is described as 5 feet, 3 inches tall with a stocky build. he is known to frequent the north side and arlington areas. anyone with information on caldwell’s whereabouts is asked to call the violent crimes unit at (412) 323-7161. for additional background information, see public safety's previous press release:  11/7/2019 16:42:55 public safety statement on overnight shootings pittsburgh, pa (july 14, 2019) -- in response to multiple media inquiries regarding an off-duty police officer who was shot in the early morning hours of sunday, july 14, pittsburgh public safety and the pittsburgh bureau of police provide the following update: regarding the investigation, police can confirm that there was a party or parties on the 7300 block of monticello street saturday night and into sunday morning. attendees were both inside and outside homes on the street. at some point, there was an argument or disagreement in the street. around 1:30 a.m., shots were fired and one person was struck multiple times. the victim was brought to a local hospital in critical condition. detectives continue to follow leads and interview residents and potential witnesses. as we have stressed in the past: investigations are greatly aided when people with information come forward and share it with police. if anyone has information on this shooting, please call police at (412) 323-7800. regarding the victim, police can confirm that the shooting victim is pittsburgh bureau of police officer calvin hall. officer hall is a 2-year veteran of the bureau, assigned to the northview heights public safety center. he previously worked for braddock police. officer hall was hand-picked to work in the northview heights public safety center because of his career-long dedication to community outreach. sgt. joseph lewis, who heads the northview heights public safety center, said he recruited officer hall because of his positive attitude and ability to relate to all people from all walks of life. “he was born and raised in the city of pittsburgh and his ways of connecting to the community and to other officers was extremely beneficial for what we’re trying to do in northview heights,” sgt. lewis said. “he is always positive, always upbeat. i approached him and said, ‘i want you up here because of your personality and the way you interact with the community.’ he’s always smiling, always positive.” officer hall was in homewood visiting friends when the shooting occurred. officer hall, 36, remains in critical condition. we ask that the media and public respect his family’s privacy while officer hall fights for his life. the family has asked that the media not contact them at this time. while the bureau is deeply affected by officer hall’s shooting, it is important to note that the overnight hours of july 13-14 resulted in multiple other victims of senseless gun violence, none of whom should be overlooked or forgotten. in addition to the monticello street shooting, one person was shot and critically injured during a music concert at nova place, and two people were shot in northview heights, leaving one victim in critical condition. police are actively investigating those shootings as well. our primary directive as a bureau is to eliminate violent crime. we will not waver in our pursuit of that goal. 14/7/2019 15:54:10 update: police make arrest in fourth of july shooting pittsburgh, pa (july 15, 2019) – pittsburgh bureau of police have arrested camerin caldwell on an outstanding warrant in connection with the double shooting on july 4, 2019 inside the agnes r. katz plaza in the cultural district. caldwell, 18, of the north side turned himself into police at approximately 4:15 p.m. he is charged with criminal attempt homicide (two counts), aggravated assault (two counts), reckless endangerment (two counts), and firearms violations. caldwell is currently being held in allegheny county jail. original press release:  incident background:  15/7/2019 17:12:05 chief scott schubert statement on the passing of officer calvin hall pittsburgh, pa (july 17, 2019) — the following is a statement from pittsburgh bureau of police chief scott schubert: “it is with great sorrow and a heavy heart that i must inform the public that pittsburgh bureau of police officer calvin hall passed away earlier today at upmc presbyterian. “we as a bureau are heartbroken. we are in mourning. we are supporting each other, and we are keeping officer hall’s family in our prayers and doing whatever we can to support and lift them in this dark, devastating time. “officer hall was on the force for two years after previously working for braddock police. in his time here he left an indelible mark on his brother and sister officers, as well as the community he served. he was known for his quick smile, ever-optimistic attitude and for his career-long focus on community policing. he was a model officer. he made it a priority to connect with residents, and succeeded in doing so. “officer hall was shot three times in the back july 14 on the 7300 block of monticello street. he fought valiantly for more than three days before succumbing to his injuries. “regarding the investigation, we are investigating officer hall’s death as a homicide, and we are investigating the strong possibility, based on gathered evidence, that officer hall, who was off duty, was in fact acting under the color of the law when he was fatally shot. “that will be determined investigatively at a later date. ceremonially, officer hall will receive the full burial honors that he deserves. “we all want answers. however, this is an ongoing investigation. as in all cases, we must maintain the integrity of the investigation and so we cannot comment further at this time. “we also ask again that media and the public respect the family's privacy while they mourn officer hall’s passing. keep them in your prayers, but please give them the space they need and deserve at this dark time. “additional information, including funeral arrangements, will be released by the pio office when available.” 17/7/2019 12:51:29 statement from the family of officer calvin hall pittsburgh, pa (july 18, 2019) – the following is a statement from the family of pittsburgh bureau of police officer calvin hall: “we would like to thank all of the doctors, nurses, and staff at upmc presbyterian who were involved in officer hall’s care. you worked incredibly hard to try to save his life, and for that we will be forever grateful. “we would like to thank all of officer hall’s extended family -- the men and women in blue. your support, love, and kind words will be imprinted on our hearts forever. “to mayor william peduto, thank you for all of your love and support. “to police chief scott schubert, the support you and your officers have shown to officer hall and our family was above and beyond the call of duty. thank you. “we also want to thank public safety director wendell hissrich, zone 1 commander christopher ragland and sgt. joe lewis, who was officer hall’s supervisor at northview heights, for your care and compassion. we will never forget all that you have done. “we want to thank everyone at the northview heights public safety center. officer hall was so proud to be a part of a unit that was truly making a difference in the community. he spoke of his fellow officers and the substation often. we will not forget you. “to officer hall’s partner, officer reggie eiland, there are no words that can adequately describe how grateful we are for the love, dedication and loyalty that you showed your fellow officer. you never left his side. you were there day and night, as were as so many other officers. we thank you, officer reggie, we thank you, officer joe bucci, and we thank every other officer who showed their support, including the chief of police in braddock, where officer hall worked before he came to pittsburgh, who was there to support him and to offer his prayers. “there are so many others we want to thank, including those whose names we never learned. if we have forgotten anyone, please forgive us. but know that your kindness and devotion did not go unrecognized. we thank you all for working around the clock to support officer hall and his family.” the family will make themselves available for media statements in the near future. however, they are not ready and continue to ask for privacy and space while they plan officer hall’s funeral. those funeral arrangements will be announced once they are finalized. regarding the investigation: it is active and ongoing. we have no updates at this time. 18/7/2019 15:02:51 public safety urges pittsburgh residents to take precautions ahead of heat wave pittsburgh, pa (july 18, 2019) the city of pittsburgh will be under a heat advisory from noon on friday until 8 p.m. saturday evening. the national weather service is predicting high temperatures and humidity that could push the heat index to between 100 and 105 degrees. in anticipation of the extreme conditions, pittsburgh public safety director wendell hissrich, pittsburgh bureau of ems chief ron romano, pittsburgh bureau of fire chief darryl jones, parks and recreation director ross chapman, and the chairman of upmc’s emergency medicine department dr. donald yealy held a news conference to provide information on how residents can safely beat the heat while protecting children, the elderly, and pets. “we have not had a heat event like this in several years,” said public safety director hissrich. he added, “we will aggressively prosecute (for) animals that are left in vehicles, dogs, cats and certainly if we have a child left in a vehicle, that will be aggressively prosecuted as well.” hissrich encouraged people to check on their elderly neighbors throughout the day, especially in the afternoon when temperatures peak. upmc's dr. donald yealy outlined some of the early warning signs of heat stress such as, “not feeling quite right,” upset stomach or feeling a little sweaty. “the later findings like difficulty breathing, passing out and maybe even suffering cardiac arrest, nobody has a problem identifying that, the goal is to never get to that point,” said yealy. “don’t ignore the early signals. the late ones are bad.” ems chief romano urged city residents to drink plenty of fluids and stay in the house if they can, especially those with underlying medical conditions. he also reminded people that medics are always at the ready and to never hesitate to call 911 in the event of an emergency. “certainly we’ll be available, we’ll probably be busier, but we’ll get there as soon as we can,” said romano. fire chief jones warned about a seemingly fun, but potentially dangerous way to cool down, by opening neighborhood fire hydrants. “we do not have a water shortage now, but if everyone decides to crack one open, then we can quickly have one,” said jones. the city’s parks and recreation director ross chapman suggested a better option would be checking out some of the city’s 18 public pools, eight spray parks and three cooling centers, the latter of which will have extended hours through the weekend. for more information on the locations and hours for the city’s cooling centers, pools, and spray parks:  19/7/2019 07:06:08 final arrangements update for officer hall pittsburgh, pa (july 19, 2019) – funeral arrangements and other events have been finalized for pittsburgh bureau of police officer calvin hall. on saturday, july 20, police will conduct an end of watch ceremony for officer hall at exactly 8 p.m., which is when his regular shift would normally end. the ceremony will take place in the 1500 block of brighton road, directly in front of zone 1. to accommodate what is expected to be a large gathering, police will close brighton road from pennsylvania avenue to california avenue from 7 p.m. until the ceremony ends. additional closures include jacksonia street from cameo way to brighton road, freedmore street from brighton road to mccullough street and columbia place and wright way off of brighton road. port authority buses will temporarily be re-routed during the ceremony. on monday, july 22 the viewing for officer hall will be held at soldiers & sailors memorial hall, 4141 fifth avenue from 12 p.m. to 8 p.m. the family will not be present from 4 p.m. to 5 p.m. on tuesday, july 23 the funeral and memorial service for officer hall will be held at soldiers & sailors memorial hall at 11 a.m. burial will follow at homewood cemetery. officer hall’s family has agreed that the funeral and burial will be open to the public. media seating will be in a marked area in the balcony of soldiers & sailors. all media is asked to rsvp to pio@pittsburghpa.gov . there will also be a designated media area at homewood cemetery. media is again asked to rsvp. if and when the family makes itself available to media has not been determined. when they feel they are ready, media will receive an advisory announcing the location and time. 19/7/2019 13:33:20 temporary road closures in advance of officer hall's funeral pittsburgh, pa (july 22, 2019) in advance of the funeral service for officer calvin hall on tuesday, july 23 at soldiers and sailors memorial hall, 4141 fifth avenue at 11 a.m. , pittsburgh public safety would like to outline some temporary road closures that will be in place. fifth avenue will be closed temporarily shortly before and shortly after the funeral service. due to the large number of law enforcement expected to attend, at least one lane of fifth avenue will be closed and utilized for parking during the service. at least two lanes, plus the busway, will be reopened during the service, after vehicles are parked. otherwise, there will be short, rolling closures to accommodate the funeral procession between soldiers and sailors and homewood cemetery, as well as on the north shore and other areas while officers make their way in unison to the service. public safety does not expect major traffic issues associated with the temporary road closures. however, traffic will likely be most affected in oakland around soldiers and sailors. in addition, pennsylvania state police is informing commuters that road and bridge closures will be in place starting tuesday, july 23 at 9:30 a.m. while law enforcement begins its procession to soldiers and sailors. due to the road closures, the inbound hov lanes will be open with no occupancy restrictions for commuting traffic throughout the morning. psp and penndot ask commuters to avoid these areas for the morning hours if at all possible and use alternate routes. 22/7/2019 13:00:31 pittsburgh police launch public blood drive to honor officer calvin hall pittsburgh, pa (july 31, 2019) the pittsburgh bureau of police, in partnership with vitalant, kicked off a month-long blood drive in honor of one of its own, officer calvin hall. the bureau was painfully reminded of the crucial importance of donating blood when officer hall, was shot and critically wounded while off-duty. while in the hospital, officer hall received several units of blood in an effort to save his life, but he later succumbed to his injuries on july 17, 2019. officer hall started each shift with what has become his signature motto, “gotta go. time for me to make a difference.” today, fellow officers and command staff honored officer hall in kind, by making a difference through blood donation. fifty registered donors, and some walk-ins, turned out to donate at the vitalant mobile blood unit, making this the most successful blood drive ever held at pittsburgh police headquarters. public safety director wendell hissrich got the ball rolling, showing up as the first donor of the day. “calvin would have been the first in line if one of us required blood, so it is only appropriate that we are the first in line on the first day of the blood drive honoring him,” said hissrich. before donating, pittsburgh police chief scott schubert said the idea to launch the special initiative came from witnessing first-hand the remarkable efforts that were taken to try to save officer hall’s life. “it meant a lot to us. that night we wanted to give blood, but obviously we couldn’t. but one of the things the hospital said was, ‘you can give blood, you can help make a difference with other people,’ that’s how calvin lived and that’s how we want to live in his legacy and help save other lives,” said schubert. beginning august 1 through august 31, members of the public can also donate blood in calvin hall’s honor at any location simply by mentioning his name to vitalant staff or by using a special group code: z0021100. schedule your blood donation at a vitalant community blood drive or donation center during the month of august. to find a location near you, call (412) 209-7000 or visit vitalant.org/officerhall. visit our facebook event:  31/7/2019 18:23:54 public safety statement on el paso, dayton public safety is deeply saddened by the senseless loss of life yesterday in el paso, texas and in nearby dayton, ohio. we are reminded yet again that the hatred that scarred pittsburgh on oct. 27, 2018 can strike anywhere and at any time. these events are, sadly, a part of modern american society and a part of modern police work. as always, public safety will rely on our intelligence units and on our close cooperation with local, state and national law enforcement agencies to detect and deter any similar type of terrorist activity being planned here. while we cannot discuss the specifics of our preparations, public safety is constantly planning and training for any and all types of incidents, including mass casualty shooting events. as part of those efforts, and as a result of the recent shootings, we have begun a reevaluation of precautions and planning for mass gatherings in the city of pittsburgh. of course, we cannot do it alone. as always: if you see something, say something. the most effective defense involves a partnership between law enforcement and the communities we serve. 4/8/2019 14:20:57 police make arrest in downtown stabbing pittsburgh, pa (august 8, 2019) -- pittsburgh bureau of police investigators made an arrest this evening following a double stabbing downtown. james wyatt, 23, of mckeesport was arrested on charges of criminal homicide and aggravated assault. he was booked into the allegheny county jail. a zone 2 officer working out of the downtown substation was on regular patrol around 11:40 a.m. when he stopped to conduct a welfare check on a woman who appeared to be sleeping or passed out at a bus stop on the 300 block of 6th avenue. as the officer spoke to the woman, a man approached and assaulted her with a weapon, later determined to be a knife. the male then assaulted another woman who was walking past the bus stop. the officer confronted the male (james wyatt), disarmed him and placed him in custody. the officer then rendered aid to the victims, who had been slashed with a knife. medics arrived and transported the victims to local hospitals. the woman at the bus stop died as a result of her wounds. the second woman was listed in stable condition. wyatt was taken to police headquarters for questioning before he was charged. at this time there is no evidence to suggest that this attack was racially or religiously motivated. the woman at the bus stop was not wearing religious garb. the second victim may have been wearing a hijab. “we will conduct a complete and thorough investigation of this tragic incident to include motive,” major crimes commander victor joseph said. “at this time we do not have any evidence to suggest this was a hate crime.” 8/8/2019 16:44:47 public safety statement on philadelphia police officers injured in shooting public safety is deeply saddened to learn that six police officers with the philadelphia police department were shot and injured today while responding to an active shooter situation in the nicetown-tioga section of the city. this senseless violence, on the heels of three recent horrific mass shootings in the united states, further highlights the dangers faced by modern law enforcement agencies in an effort to keep our communities safe. for the pittsburgh bureau of police, this hits especially hard. these are our brothers and sisters in blue who serve in the commonwealth of pennsylvania that we share. many of us know or have worked with members of the philadelphia police department and are well-aware of their professionalism and dedication to the profession. our thoughts are with the officers and their families in the hope that they receive the care and support they need to recover fully and continue faithfully serving and protecting the city of philadelphia. 14/8/2019 23:32:59 new school year means more police to monitor school zones pittsburgh, pa (august 20, 2019) -- pittsburgh public schools and other schools will welcome students back next week, meaning drivers need to exercise caution with the increase in kids traveling to and from school. to do our part in keeping our children safe, pittsburgh police will begin the new school year with a two week enforcement campaign during which every school zone will see strict enforcement periods in the morning and when school lets out. in addition, pbp officers will meet with crossing guards to prepare for the new year and to discuss any concerns that may have arisen last school year. lastly, police will also ensure that the flashing school zone signs, parking signs, and timing lines are all operational. most students return to school on monday, aug. 26, with the exception of 10th and 11th grade students, who start on aug. 27, and kindergarten students, who start on aug. 29. the enforcement period will begin next week as well. during the two-week morning and evening traffic enforcement, officers will actively look for and ticket motorists who pass a school bus with its red lights activated or who speed in school zones. the fine for passing a school bus with red lights activated is $250 plus $117.50 in court costs and state mandated fees; 5 points assessed to their license; and a 60-day driver’s license suspension. the fine for speeding in a marked school zone is $35 plus 117.50 in court costs and state mandated fees for up to 5 mph over the speed limit; $35 plus 117.50 in court costs and state mandated fees plus $2 per mile over the limit for six to 11 mph over the speed limit; and $500 plus $117.50 in court costs and state mandated fees for more than 11 mph over the speed limit. additionally, police ask drivers dropping off and picking up students to know and comply with each schools’ policies for such activities. drivers are also asked to follow parking restrictions on neighborhood streets while dropping off and picking up children. slow down. be attentive. protect our students. pbp thanks everyone for doing their part. 20/8/2019 14:46:39 pittsburgh bureau of fire announces temporary changes at fire station 8 pittsburgh, pa (august 27, 2019) -- beginning thursday, august 29, 2019, the pittsburgh bureau of fire will temporarily close fire station 8, located at 161 n. euclid avenue in east liberty, for necessary repairs. due to an ongoing structural issue in the station's hose tower, 8 engine, battalion 3, and 8 truck, along with all pittsburgh bureau of fire personnel housed in the station, will be moved to different stations while the rehabilitation takes place. the following shifts will occur: - battalion 3 will move to fire station 7 in stanton heights, located at 4603 stanton avenue - 8 truck will be housed at 18 engine, located at 5858 northumberland street in squirrel hill - 8 engine will shift to 15 engine in lincoln-larimer at 7024 lemington avenue to ensure seamless service, the pittsburgh bureau of fire will also be adding an additional truck to be housed at station 7 in stanton heights. by diffusing personnel and vehicles between three temporary locations, residents who are currently served by fire station 8 will have uninterrupted service and those neighborhoods helping to house them will not be overburdened during this transitory period. fire station 8 will not function as a working fire house during repairs. there is no immediate timeline for completion of the work. the pittsburgh bureau of fire would like to thank residents in all of these areas for their patience and understanding while these necessary repairs are performed for their safety and the safety of our firefighters. 26/8/2019 09:46:38 pittsburgh bureau of fire holds promotion ceremony pittsburgh, pa (september 12, 2019) – one lieutenant was promoted to the rank of captain and six firefighters were promoted to the rank of lieutenant during a pittsburgh bureau of fire promotion ceremony in council chambers. before the promotions were awarded, pittsburgh bureau of fire chief darryl jones asked everyone to observe a moment of silence to remember the events of september 11, 2001, as well as the other first responders and military personnel who have made the ultimate sacrifice. “today’s a special day,” said jones. "there’s two really good days in the pittsburgh bureau of fire. the first one is when we graduate a recruit class and the second is when we promote firefighters. i’m so glad to have a group of guys here who have worked so hard and have earned the titles they’re getting ready to receive.” public safety director wendell hissrich administered the oath of office during the promotion ceremony, acknowledging the depth and breadth of experience the group brings to the crews they guide. “you’re the ones who make the difference out there. you’re the ones who are going to arrive first on the scene. what you do in the first five to ten minutes of an incident could very well dictate the outcome. some incidents may be over in 20 minutes, some incidents might go on for hours. but it’s your leadership that leads the way," said hissrich. michael schanck was promoted to the rank of captain. rard perkins, christopher thomas, ryan king, wayne smith, matthew smith, and robert peifer were promoted to the rank of lieutenant. note: wayne smith was not in attendance. 12/9/2019 12:24:30 department of defense to conduct training in region pittsburgh, pa (sept. 12, 2019) -- the department of defense, in conjunction with local and federal law enforcement, will conduct training in and around the greater pittsburgh area sept. 16 through sept. 22. this is a planned exercise in cooperation with local authorities and is not in response to any current events. the exercise is expected to have minimal impact on the public. to maintain the highest level of safety, there are no public viewing or media opportunities planned during this event. the city of pittsburgh and public safety welcome the d.o.d., which provides pittsburgh police with the unique opportunity to receive the best training in the world while they are here. 12/9/2019 13:41:09 crime analysis: downtown pittsburgh, pa (sept. 12, 2019) -- in response to multiple media inquiries regarding crime statistics in the central business district, the pittsburgh bureau of police’s crime analysis unit has compiled a comprehensive look at calls for service and crime in the area over the last five years. the city of pittsburgh, public safety and the pittsburgh bureau of police take any and all crime in any part of the city seriously. however, we understand the recent scrutiny on downtown and the cultural district following four stabbings, including one fatal, in august. police have increased patrols downtown, an effort that resulted in an immediate arrest following every august stabbing. some analysis highlights: -- total part 1 crimes for the first 8 months of the year 2019 are essentially unchanged from the 5 year average for the same time period 2014-2018 -- part 1 property crimes show a 4% decrease compared to the 5 year average -- august 2019 part 1 crimes shows a 10% decrease from the average august over the last 5 years -- four (4) aggravated assaults in august are slightly higher than the 5 year average of 3.75 -- robberies were down 67% at 3, compared to the average of 9 robberies at this point in the year over the last 5 years. -- over the last 5 years, violent crimes have been more likely to occur between 4 p.m. and 10 p.m. view the full report here regarding the downtown substation , it is open daily from 11 a.m. until 11 p.m. and often stays open until midnight or later during large events downtown. a desk officer is on shift every day during those hours. in addition to the desk officer, there are a number of officers on patrol from the substation. their exact numbers vary depending on need. for officers assigned to the substation, their primary responsibility is to perform foot patrols in the downtown core. the most common calls to police covering the downtown area over the past year (july to july) were: 1) disorderly person (824) 2) burglary alarm (761) 3) parking complaint (526) 4) welfare check (469) 5) trespass (362) in the name of transparency, public safety will continue to provide regular crime analyses to the public. 12/9/2019 15:13:34 alert: public safety drill planned for convention center pittsburgh, pa (sept. 13, 2019) – pittsburgh public safety will conduct a safety drill monday, sept. 16 at and in conjunction with the convention center. the public safety drill will involve an active threat scenario. it will occur out of public view inside the convention center, but people in the area may see emergency vehicles. officials will close 10th street between fort duquesne boulevard and french street from 6 p.m. until midnight. the drill will begin at 8 p.m. and end at midnight. multiple bureaus and agencies from pittsburgh public safety and allegheny county will participate in the drill. the public safety drill is not open to the public or media. 13/9/2019 11:49:40 bank robbery suspect shot in wilkinsburg pittsburgh, pa (september 19, 2019) — a joint task force that included members of pittsburgh police, allegheny county police and fbi pittsburgh attempted to serve an arrest warrant for a bank robbery suspect wednesday night (sept. 18) on the 900 block of center street in wilkinsburg. law enforcement encountered the suspect in an apartment building around 9:15 p.m. in an apparent attempt to avoid being taken into custody, the suspect held a female at knife point and threatened to harm her. fearing for the woman’s life, two law enforcement officials opened fire and shot the suspect. he was pronounced deceased at the scene. allegheny county police, in conjunction with the fbi, will handle the shooting investigation. the woman held at knifepoint was not injured. a pittsburgh police detective sustained a minor leg injury and was transported to a local hospital in stable condition. no other law enforcement officials were injured. a thorough investigation will be conducted. a shooting incident review team, including the fbi's inspection division and allegheny county police investigators, will interview witnesses and gather information for a presentation to a shooting incident review group. (sirg) more information will be released when available. 19/9/2019 00:05:16 police investigate disturbing video of north side assault pittsburgh, pa (september 21, 2019) – multiple people are facing criminal charges following a violent assault at a north side gas station that was caught on video and went viral on social media due to its disturbing nature. pittsburgh bureau of police officers responded to a report of a fight on the 2500 block of brighton road on friday around 6:45 p.m. between the male gas station owners and two female customers. per the initial investigation: a verbal confrontation began over spilled gas. the customers said a pump malfunctioned and demanded a refund. the store owners denied the refund. a verbal confrontation quickly became violent. as part of the investigation, officers reviewed multiple videos of the incident. one video taken by a bystander showed a lengthy physical confrontation in which the male store owners struck one of the females in the back of the head multiple times, and an employee grabbed one of the females by her hair and dragged her across pavement. police also reviewed the gas station’s security camera which showed the female customer initiating the confrontation inside the store before it moved outside. as a result of the investigation, police determined that assault charges should be filed against the gas station owners and employee. police submitted the paperwork to the allegheny county district attorney’s office friday night. if the district attorney determines that charges should rise above simple assault to the level of aggravated assault, the paperwork will be amended. police investigate all violence seriously. the video showing the assault on these women is particularly disturbing as multiple men held down the women while punching them repeatedly. police are continuing to investigate, which will include a review of any dash cam video and body cam video. additional charges could follow. anyone who may have witnessed the incident is asked to call zone 1 detectives at (412) 323-7201. 21/9/2019 09:04:41 arrest made in south side overdose deaths pittsburgh, pa (september 23, 2019) – a taskforce of pittsburgh bureau of police detectives and federal law enforcement officials arrested a man early monday morning in connection with drug overdoses that left three people dead in the south side. the investigative team identified peter rene sanchez montalvo, aka carlos, as the individual who provided the drugs to the overdose victims. police responded to multiple overdoses early sunday, sept. 22, at an apartment complex in the south side. detectives from the pittsburgh police’s narcotics and vice unit, drug enforcement agency agents, and the fbi's opioid task force immediately began a joint investigation. sanchez montalvo was taken into custody without incident at a house in mckees rocks 3 a.m. this morning. criminal charges are being handled by the us attorney's office. investigators confirmed that sanchez-montalvo was at the insomnia discotec in brookline on saturday night, where orange wristbands were distributed to patrons. all of the overdose victims wore orange wristbands. at some point in the evening, sanchez-montalvo left insomnia and went to the south side apartment, where he had been staying. several other individuals who were at insomnia, including members of the band that played at the bar on saturday night, joined him for what was described as an "after-party." sanchez-montalvo distributed a white powdered substance, believed to be cocaine, to those in attendance. shortly after, multiple people became seriously ill. three of them died at the scene. public safety director wendell hissrich, who was on scene sunday morning when the overdoses were first reported, thanked pittsburgh ems, fire and police for their swift responses sunday morning and for working tirelessly to save lives. in addition, he thanked the public and media for providing important information during this incident. hissrich also thanked law enforcement agencies, including the fbi’s western pennsylvania opioid task force, which is comprised of law enforcement officers from the fbi, port authority police of allegheny county, the allegheny county police department, allegheny county sheriff’s office, the north versailles police department and the stowe twp. police department, along with the pittsburgh bureau of police and the drug enforcement administration. any questions concerning charges/prosecution in this case should be referred to the us attorney's office. 23/9/2019 11:05:50 pittsburgh bureau of fire awarded fire prevention safety funding to serve the deaf and hard of hearing pittsburgh, pa (september 27, 2019) – the pittsburgh bureau of fire is pleased to announce it has been awarded more than $1 million in federal and civic funding to help equip the deaf and hard of hearing with life-saving smoke and fire detection devices for their homes. fema will provide more than $950,000 through its fire prevention safety grants, while the city of pittsburgh will contribute close to $50,000 for the two-year program. the pittsburgh bureau of fire will work closely with the center for hearing and deaf services in pittsburgh to identify local recipients who will receive the devices and learn how to use them. the specialized smoke and fire detectors will vary depending on individual needs. some of the devices work in conjunction with audible smoke detectors to activate visual cues such as strobe lights. others can be worn on the body as pager-type monitors that vibrate and alert people wherever they may be in the home. pittsburgh bureau of fire chief darryl jones says the funding will go a long way toward protecting a population that is underserved when it comes to fire safety. “the national institute on deafness and other communication disorders (nidcd) states people who are deaf or are hard of hearing face unique challenges in an emergency. their ability to detect a fire or escape its effects can be hindered. as a result, they are at a greater risk of death or injury due to fire. the most pressing fire safety issue for people who are deaf or hard of hearing is whether they will be alerted to danger in time to escape. these specially-designed devices are expensive to buy and install in a home - much more so than the standard smoke detectors you'd find at a hardware store. those who are deaf or hard of hearing should not be prevented from protecting themselves and their families in the event of a fire simply because it is cost-prohibitive,” said jones. pittsburgh bureau of fire inspector / fire prevention officer lisa epps will lead the training programs to teach recipients how to operate the safety equipment and install it in their homes. an announcement on the start date and eligibility for the program will be made at a later time. 26/9/2019 15:33:07 police launch "scentsational" tracking program pittsburgh, pa (sept. 27, 2019) – the pittsburgh bureau of police, in conjunction with allegheny general hospital and fbi pittsburgh, today announced the launch of the scentsational tracking program featuring the police bloodhound. the goal of the program is to create a safety net for those who might get lost and have trouble finding their way home. pbp and allegheny general hospital will assist residents in collecting and packaging the scent of a loved one in a sterile container. the family maintains the scent container, which is usable for seven years. should a loved one go missing, the family gives the sealed scent container to police for the bloodhound to track. “the bloodhound’s skills are honed to a point where it can differentiate between identical twins,” said police lt. charles henderson, who oversees the tracking program. “where this is going to be most beneficial is with our most vulnerable communities, people who have cognitive disabilities and are prone to being lost. but we’ll do this for anyone who wants it.” public safety director wendell hissrich noted that the bloodhound will be available to other communities in western pennsylvania. “whether it’s a senior citizen or a child, we’ll be able to work with our partners in the fbi and find the missing child or adult,” hissrich said. “and we will share that asset with everyone who wants to use it. all of our assets -- whether it be the explosives dogs, drugs dogs, the fireboat -- whatever we have will respond outside the city, which we do almost every day.” the scentsational tracking program officially launched today at point state park where the bureau’s current bloodhound, cappy, and his handler, officer kevin merkel, gave a demonstration by tracking a public safety employee. “you just saw firsthand how important these dogs will be to investigations across our area,” said fbi pittsburgh supervisory special agent scott argiro. “we have a long-standing partnership with the pittsburgh police special ops team and have worked many of these cases side by side. these dogs are one more incredible tool we add to our tool box. their specialized training allows them to help all of us find a scent and a lead to follow very early on. when every minute counts, those leads are crucial.” allegheny general hospital donated the containers and equipment, meaning the program is free to all who wish to participate. how to get involved: police will host community outreach events at which the containers will be provided. in addition, allegheny general hospital will collect scents at regular appointments. lastly, residents can call their local police zone and ask for a community resource officer or neighborhood resource officer for more information. additional background: bloodhounds are one of the top canine breeds for scent discrimination. they search for skin cells that have fallen from their target. the bloodhound can differentiate the odor of the target from other people. storing the scent correctly is an important part of the program. the scent is collected and packaged according to the best practices outlined by the fbi. it is best stored in a refrigerator. if that is not feasible, then storing the sample at a temperate less than 76 degrees fahrenheit and at a humidity level less than 60 percent will be the next best option. not breaking the seal of the container until needed will ensure that the scent is not contaminated. 27/9/2019 15:19:14 pittsburgh bureau of ems receives american heart association elite status award pittsburgh, pa, (september 30, 2019) – the pittsburgh bureau of ems was honored today with the american heart association’s 2019 mission: lifeline ems gold plus performance achievement award. the honor recognizes the critical life-saving role of ems in providing care to patients suffering from an acute myocardial infarction, or a heart attack. “the city of pittsburgh ems is driving improvements in the care and outcomes of the residents of the city of pittsburgh.” said the american heart association’s gina hrach, director of quality systems improvement. hrach presented the award to pittsburgh ems chief ron romano, who received it on behalf of the bureau. romano thanked all ems personnel for all of their hard work and dedication that made the award possible. assistant chief mark pinchalk thanked all ems partners for helping them meet a difficult metric. “we see approximately 60 patients per year having a stemi - or st elevation mi – where the goal is from the time we get a paramedic on scene, until they are in the cardiac catheterization lab, and their vessels open and their heartbeat’s reprofused is less than 90 minutes. we were able to achieve that metric in about 80 per cent of our cases for 2018 and our average time is around 80 minutes. so, that’s a pretty good metric we’re able to pull off with the resources we have available to us,” said pinchalk. city of pittsburgh medical director dr. ron roth provided a different measure to highlight ems skills in pittsburgh. he recounted the story of a participant in last year’s great race where a runner went into cardiac arrest near the finish line, but was revived by paramedics and doctors. this year he ran the 10 k race with his family and thanked pittsburgh ems for the ability to do so. “we saw him not as a percentage or a number. we saw him as a father, a husband, and he introduced his little grand baby. and i think we saw what we get from being very vigilant and all the hard work our city medics do. ” said roth. public safety director wendell hissrich echoed those sentiments. “you have the statistics, but to each statistic there’s a human life involved, whether it’s a father, mother, son, daughter, it’s important to the individual, whether or not they’re a resident, whether they’re a visitor to the city of pittsburgh,” said hissrich, congratulating paramedics and emt’s on the award. mayor william peduto commended pittsburgh ems and hospitals for working hand-in-hand to provide critical care in the city of pittsburgh. “while you’re here, whether you’re a resident or a visitor, you will be given the best care possible,” said peduto. this is the second year in a row the pittsburgh bureau of ems has received this elite status award from the american heart association. 30/9/2019 16:31:13 pittsburgh public safety prepares for president's visit pittsburgh, pa (oct. 18, 2019) – the city of pittsburgh’s department of public safety continues to prepare for president donald trump’s planned visit downtown on wednesday, oct. 23. several streets around the david l. lawrence convention center , where the president will speak at the shale insight conference, will be closed that day after the morning rush hour. the closures will likely impact the evening commute. public safety director wendell hissrich cautions that traffic will be a major concern. “as with any high profile event, pittsburgh public safety and our partner law enforcement agencies are taking every step to address all safety concerns,” hissrich said. “however, we can certainly use the public’s help. traffic downtown and around the convention center will be bad. i urge anyone who can avoid the area to do so.” hissrich recommends that people who work downtown consider working from home wednesday or leaving early. he suggests downtown schools allow early dismissal for students. traffic will also be affected by rolling road closures to accommodate the president’s motorcade as he travels to and from the david l. lawrence convention center. public safety will continue to prepare through the weekend and into next week. more specifics details will be provided monday afternoon during a media availability with director hissrich and pittsburgh bureau of police officials. officials will also address safety preparations for events marking one year since the tree of life tragedy. time and location for media availability will be announced monday morning. 18/10/2019 15:21:40 national prescription drug take back day is saturday, october 26, 2019 pittsburgh, pa, (october 22, 2019) – communities around the country and across the commonwealth continue to struggle with escalating drug addiction, some of which begins with easily-accessible prescription drugs. in fact, nearly 10 million americans have misused controlled prescription drugs, according to the 2018 national survey on drug use and health. that’s an increase of nearly 4 million from the previous year’s survey. from 10 a.m. until 2 p.m. on saturday, october 26 , pittsburgh will have the opportunity, for the second time this year, to participate in the drug enforcement administration’s 18th national prescription drug take back day in an effort to diminish devastating drug abuse in our communities. in april, nearly 420 pounds of expired, unused, and unwanted prescription drugs were collected for safe disposal at all six pittsburgh police zone stations, police headquarters, and the phillips rec center in carrick. nationally, nearly 5,000 law enforcement partners participated in the april initiative, collecting close to 470 tons of unused or unwanted prescription drugs. "by dropping off unneeded pill bottles and prescription drugs for safe disposal you're ensuring that those drugs, which may seem harmless when used for their intended purpose, don't fall into the wrong hands," said sergeant rebecca bassano, pittsburgh police narcotics and vice . this initiative addresses a vital public safety and public health issue. medicines forgotten or left behind in the home are highly susceptible to misuse and abuse. studies show that the majority of misused and abused prescription drugs are obtained from family and friends, including from the home medicine cabinet. in addition, americans are advised that disposing of unused medicines by flushing them down the toilet or throwing them in the trash, poses potential safety and health hazards. all expired, unused, and unwanted prescription drugs can be dropped off at the following locations this saturday: zone 1: 1501 brighton rd, 15212 zone 2: 2000 centre ave, 15219 zone 3: 830 e warrington ave, 15210 zone 4: 5858 northumberland st, 15217 zone 5: 1401 washington blvd, 15206 zone 6: 312 south main st, 15220 phillips rec center: 201 parkfield st, 15210 police headquarters: 1203 western ave, 15233 for those who can’t participate this weekend, permanent drop-off boxes are located at pittsburgh police headquarters and zone 6. for more information about the safe disposal of prescription drugs or about the october 26th take back day event, visit www.deatakeback.com . 18/10/2019 11:38:27 public safety update on officers injured at tree at life pittsburgh, pa (oct. 24, 2019) – this sunday will mark one year since the tragic events at the tree of life synagogue, in which 11 members of tree of life, new light and dor hadash congregations were killed and several others were injured. we recognize the significance of the upcoming weekend, and wish to assure everyone attending events or services that public safety will be there and that security plans are in place. pittsburgh public safety and our partner law enforcement agencies will work together to ensure that everyone attending events this weekend will be safe. many people have expressed interest in hearing from the pittsburgh police officers who were injured by gunfire in the synagogue attack. for various reasons, the time is not right for the officers to speak publicly about what they experienced that day. however, public safety would like to provide an update on the officers, including written statements from the three officers who remain off the job as they recover from their serious injuries. officers michael smidga (shrapnel wound to the head), john persin (hearing concerns/issues), and tyler pashel (knee injury) have all recovered and are back on the job. zone 4 officer dan mead and swat officers anthony burke and timothy matson continue to recover from their wounds and have not returned to work. all hope to return soon and rejoin their brother and sister officers. they also wish to express their gratitude to the public for their prayers and concern. = from officer dan mead, who suffered a gunshot wound to the hand: “there’s no reason why i should still be living, but i am and i want to thank everyone for everything they did and continue to do to support me. “i want to thank the jewish community, my family including my sister diane and my girlfriend lisa, pittsburgh police and all the other police departments, the firemen, the medics, the doctors -- everybody. it was a huge team effort and i want to thank everybody for helping me. “the jewish community’s support and the ways they have shown their appreciation -- i’m not used to that. as a carpenter, i would do a job and you’d say, ‘hey, nice job,’ and i’d leave and go do the next job. but they have been so appreciative, and it’s overwhelming. they’re saying thank you, but i need to say thank you to them. “my father was on this job and i looked up to him and that’s why i signed up to be a police officer. i tried for this job. i wasn’t drafted into it. these poor people that lost their lives and their families, they didn’t sign up for that. not a day goes by that i don’t say my prayers for these people. i feel for them. “i was an officer in the wrong place at the right time. i was never one of these super cops, but when it’s time to take care of business, you take care of business. that’s what we signed up for and that’s what we did.” = from officer anthony burke, who suffered a gunshot wound to the hand: “to all those who helped support my fiancée and me over this time of healing, you have my utmost gratitude. “i would be remiss if i didn't specifically thank the jewish federation of greater pittsburgh for their enormous and unparalleled support, without which the burden of everyday life would be unbearable. i sincerely cannot thank you enough. “to the pittsburgh community and the people who volunteered, donated, and supported my recovery, all i can say is: yinz are the best. “to my coworkers and their families, my brothers and sisters in blue in pittsburgh and from around the country, thank you for watching my six, and thank you for taking care of sam and me. i can't wait until i'm back in service running calls alongside you. “while my period of healing is coming to an end, there are 11 families who continue to grieve and heal. please direct your continued support towards them during this tragic weekend and going forward.” = from officer timothy matson, who suffered multiple gunshot wounds: “i would like to thank the community, my friends, family and coworkers, and people from across the world for their support. the support i received was incredible. i have never experienced anything like it. in more ways than i can express, your support helped me through the toughest time of my life. “i would like to thank the upmc staff that took care of me. after the lengthy stay and multiple surgeries the list of people to thank is long, but i would like you all to know that the lengths you went to put me back together and take care of my needs will never be forgotten. “i would also like thank my pittsburgh swat teammates. your actions that day are why i’m here.” on behalf of the officers, public safety would like to thank the media for your continued sensitivity in providing the injured officers and their families space and privacy while they recover from their wounds. during this solemn weekend, public safety officials will not conduct interviews or make public comments so as to ensure that the focus remains on the victims, their families and the jewish community. please keep the victims and their families in your prayers this weekend. 24/10/2019 13:47:02 pittsburgh bureau of ems holds swearing-in and awards ceremony pittsburgh, pa (october 30, 2019) – on tuesday, october 29, the pittsburgh bureau of ems held a swearing-in and awards ceremony in council chambers. three new paramedics were sworn in, while one emt was promoted to paramedic. quinton gravagna, michael janczewski, and michael limbacher were sworn in as paramedics. emt lawrence turner was promoted to paramedic. pittsburgh bureau of ems chief ronald romano recognized turner’s sacrifice of studying to reach his goal, while working full-time. he also congratulated the new paramedics and thanked their families for supporting them in the work they do for the citizens of pittsburgh. medical director dr. ronald roth thanked them for choosing a career to help others. “you will always be the most important part of ems because of your compassion and your goal to always do the right thing,” said dr. roth. public safety director wendell hissrich recognized the rich history of ems in pittsburgh and the bright future of the bureau. “we have one of the best emergency medical services in the country, supported by the first responder community. “the new faces are the future of ems within the city of pittsburgh,” said hissrich. mayor william peduto acknowledged the pivotal role of ems during the tragic shooting at the tree of life synagogue on october 27, 2018, with ems working side by side with swat to help save lives. “may they be an example to you of what you can do in this career. and it’s not really a career, it’s a vocation because many people wouldn’t choose to be with people at their scariest moment,” said peduto. ems district chief mike rogers presented special awards to one civilian and six ems workers who went above and beyond the call of duty to help the public. dennis robinson - civlilan service award district chief jeffrey meyer - ems cross award paramedic patrick gilchrist - meritorious service award crew chief justin sypolt - medical director's award district chief antwain carter - meritorious service award paramedic michael bess - meritorious service award paramedic dawnshalay williams - meritorious service award 29/10/2019 19:42:34 tips for drivers and trick-or treaters to see and be seen this halloween pittsburgh, pa (october 30, 2019) – public safety is urging trick-or-treaters to stay safe in the city this halloween. the weather forecast is less-than-ideal during the city of pittsburgh’s established trick-or-treating hours of 5:30 until 7:30 p.m. temperatures are expected to drop from a high of 68 degrees during the day, down to the low 50’s during trick-or treat hours, with a wind chill that will make it feel much colder. there is also significant rainfall in the forecast during that time. public safety suggests that parents ensure their children’s costumes are reflective, light in color, and that any masks or makeup provide full visibility for crossing streets. adding small clip-on lights to the front and back of a costume can also provide another measure of visibility. although some children may not want toadd gloves, hats, or water-resistant jackets and footwear to their super hero or princess costumes, this may be essential to enjoying the night comfortably. according to statistics from the pittsburgh bureau of police collision investigation unit, there has not been a fatal collision and there have not been any documented police reports of children struck by vehicles on halloween night over the past five years in pittsburgh. that’s good news. however, in that same five-year time period, there have been 33 pedestrian/vehicle collisions in the month of october when it gets darker earlier in the evening. public safety would like to remind drivers to slow down during trick-or-treat hours, even more so during inclement weather, and for parents to assist children crossing the street during that time to ensure a safe and enjoyable halloween. 30/10/2019 13:18:04 northview heights substation renamed after fallen officer pittsburgh, pa (oct. 30, 2019) -- the northview heights public safety center has been renamed after late pittsburgh bureau of police officer calvin hall. officer hall strove always to connect with the communities he served, and he started each shift with the words: “time for me to make a difference.” those words now grace the building where officer hall worked until his final roll call in july. two plaques were unveiled during a ceremony on sunday, which would have been officer hall’s 37th birthday. “we are here today to celebrate the life of calvin hall, and also to dedicate a building where he worked,” said pittsburgh police sgt. joe lewis, who leads the officer calvin m. hall public safety center. “he made a difference in multiple people’s lives, including mine and including every person who’s standing here now.” about 100 people attended the ceremony, including city leaders, police command staff, northview heights residents, zone 1 commander christopher ragland and public safety director wendell hissrich. “working this substation requires a hands-on, community-focused approach as this a neighborhood that has been underserved for years,” hissrich said. “but it’s exactly where officer hall wanted to be. he dedicated himself to building bridges. he truly did make a difference.” mayor william peduto noted that the community lost an exemplary officer far too early. “calvin hall dedicated his life to public safety, and i hope a lot of the young ones here today will consider doing the same,” mayor peduto said. the safety center officially opened on dec. 4, 2018. created in collaboration with the housing authority of the city of pittsburgh and the buhl foundation’s one northside initiative, the safety center serves residents of northview heights and allegheny dwellings. it is designed to improve quality of life for residents and to strengthen relationships between the community and the officers who serve them. it is fitting that the building is now named after officer hall, who specifically requested an assignment at the substation because of his passion for community police work. “he left an indelible mark on his brother and sister officers, as well as the community he served,” police chief scott schubert said. “he was known for his quick smile, ever-optimistic attitude and for his career-long focus on community policing. he was a model officer. he made it a priority to connect with residents, and succeeded in doing so." 30/10/2019 13:39:55 police welcome 34 new officers pittsburgh, pa (nov. 14, 2019) – the pittsburgh bureau of police welcomed 34 new officers during a graduation ceremony for its most recent recruit class. the class began their training on april 4, 2019. they will spend the next four months working in the field, during which time they will be partnered with experienced officers for further instruction before they can work on their own. mayor william peduto, public safety director wendell hissrich and pittsburgh police chief scott schubert were among those on hand to congratulate the officers during a ceremony at the university of pittsburgh’s alumni hall. chief schubert reminded the new officers of the immense responsibility their position holds. "it's not an easy job and it comes with awesome power and discretion, power that you must not take lightly. you are in a rare position where you can change a life, save a life, or take a life...all in the same day." the class includes seven officers who previously worked for other agencies but chose to join the pittsburgh bureau of police. "you will become representatives of this city and your mission. you will become role models for young children and the foundation of our communities," said director hissrich. before delivering the oath of office, mayor peduto told the graduating class what it truly means to be a pittsburgh police officer. "it requires honor and integrity because you don't wear the uniform for you. you wear that uniform and that badge for everybody who wore it before you and everybody who will wear it after. there's a long, proud tradition within the pittsburgh bureau of police." 14/11/2019 13:35:40 light up night: public safety prepares for large crowds pittsburgh, pa (nov. 18, 2019) – with light up night festivities planned for friday, nov. 22, public safety is preparing for large crowds at venues throughout the downtown area. public safety director wendell hissrich welcomes residents and visitors to the events that mark the start of the holiday season in pittsburgh. “as a native of this region, i am very much aware that light up night is a wonderful pittsburgh tradition that is especially popular with families,” director hissrich said. “as public safety director, i can assure everyone planning on attending that we have taken steps to make this a safe experience for all.” as with other large events downtown and elsewhere in the city, a significant police presence will help maintain safety, hissrich said. pittsburgh bureau of police will work with partnering law enforcement agencies -- including the allegheny county sheriff’s office, allegheny county police, pennsylvania state police, port authority police and state park rangers -- to provide uniformed and plainclothes officers throughout the venues. mounted units from the city, county and state will be present, as will river rescue and the fire boat, pittsburgh ems, pittsburgh fire and emergency management. public safety will also utilize skywatch, which provides officers with a bird’s-eye view of crowds. “we will have a zero-tolerance policy for anyone who chooses not to be law-abiding,” hissrich said. “that means no disorderly conduct, no fighting, no public intoxication or underage drinking, and no type of violence will be tolerated.” the weather will be seasonable with forecasted temperatures in the 40s and a possible shower. traffic, as always, will be a concern. attendees are urged to be patient and to use public transportation. police remind the public that drones are not allowed, nor are illegal weapons. in addition, city law prohibits the use of any fireworks, even those that are legal, within 150 feet of a structure. public safety wishes all a happy and safe holiday season. 18/11/2019 14:23:47 pittsburgh bureau of police promotes officer to sergeant pittsburgh, pa (december 3, 2019) – the pittsburgh bureau of police held a promotions ceremony tuesday afternoon in the mayor’s conference room where officer phil lerza was promoted to the rank of sergeant. having spent the last decade working with the k-9 unit, sergeant lerza will celebrate his 19th year with the bureau this month. police chief scott schubert thanked him for taking on a leadership role. “we’re a big family, not just with police, but within the city of pittsburgh. i have no doubt that you’ll lead as a guardian and you’ll use your professional judgement, your experience, and your compassion to help make pittsburgh an even safer and better place to live.” public safety director wendell hissrich congratulated sergeant lerza on his promotion and thanked him for his work with the k-9 unit. “it might be a little bit different not having your k-9 partner out there, but you’ll be dealing with the officers out on the street and i’ve always said that the sergeants and lieutenants, they make the difference day to day throughout the city. their split-second decisions and their supervision of the officers most definitely make a difference between life and death.” mayor william peduto recalled the tragic night in january of 2014 that then-officer lerza’s k-9 partner, rocco, was stabbed in the line of duty, later succumbing to his injuries. peduto remarked on lerza’s compassion during that moment. “there wasn’t an ounce of anger within you, just the loss and sorrow of losing a friend. that’s the type of person i am really honored to promote because that’s the same sense that will be needed as you go through the next several years training the young officers we continue to recruit and to graduate.” sergeant lerza will be assigned to zone 5 under the leadership of commander stephen vinansky. 3/12/2019 14:28:05 ems adds four emts and three paramedics pittsburgh, pa (december 3, 2019) -- the pittsburgh bureau of emergency medical services held a swearing in ceremony for four new emts and three new paramedics tuesday afternoon in the mayor’s conference room. ems chief ronald romano thanked the families of the new emts and paramedics for sacrificing their family lives for the betterment of the city. “i thank you for being here for them and supporting them in the work they do for the citizens of pittsburgh,” chief romano said. “i thank you for sharing them with us and understanding when they miss a family event because they were helping someone else.” the new emts are: sarah geyer, john o’rourke, nathan orr and arley stoker. the new paramedics are: matthew fisher, richard fredell and nathanial roper. “time passes very quickly and before you know it, you may be back in here for another promotion as a district chief, division chief or maybe even chief of this department,” said medical director dr. ronald roth. “please cherish every day.” public safety director wendell hissrich thanked the city and mayor william peduto for supporting ems with increased staffing levels. “i’d also like to thank everyone that day in and day out saves lives and sometimes puts their own lives on the line,” hissrich said. “welcome, congratulations and best of luck.” added mayor peduto: “on behalf of the people of the city of pittsbrgh, thank you for this vocation and for starting this journey today. … this is a unit that is recognized internationally. people come to train with pittsburgh ems from around the world to learn the practices that are happening right here.” 3/12/2019 17:15:11 officers, traffic guards honored at years of service ceremony pittsburgh, pa (dec. 4, 2019) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police honored 93 officers and traffic guards during the second annual years of service recognition ceremony dec. 3 at the community college of allegheny county. officers and traffic guards were honored for working 25, 30, 35 or 40 years for the bureau. the 19 crossing guards who were recognized represent 582 years of service to the city, while the 74 officers represent 1,980 years of service to the city. “i am truly honored and blessed to have worked with each of you at one time or another,” police chief scott schubert said. “the city is blessed to have the likes of you out there protecting us. the work you do, putting your lives on the line each and every day, is truly incredible. … knowing we have you out there is something i will forever be grateful for as a friend, as a colleague, and as a resident of pittsburgh.” public safety director wendell hissrich thanked crossing guards for shepherding students to school in all types of weather, and officers for choosing pittsburgh. “you could have gone elsewhere, you could have taken a job with a suburban police agency likely with more pay and more predictable shifts, but you did not," hissrich said. "you chose pittsburgh. you made this your home and vowed to stay here and stand guard. … this is a hard job and often thankless. but you stayed with us. and the city of pittsburgh is a better place because of you.” mayor william peduto thanked police for being a steadying force through the city's decades-long transformation. “you have been the steady rock that has been the stabilizing force in a city did not know if it had a future let alone what that future may look like,” peduto said. “you dedicated yourself to one thing -- to serve the public, to keep law and order, to protect the children so that they had a future, and to let people know that they have a city that truly does care about them. i’m here tonight to share two words with you, from the 310,000 people who call this city home and the hundreds of thousands of people who visit this city every day: thank you.” 4/12/2019 06:51:26 pittsburgh bureau of fire holds graduation ceremony pittsburgh, pa (december 13, 2019) – the pittsburgh bureau of fire held a graduation ceremony today for recruit class 129-19, which began its training on april 29, 2019. of the 31 recruits, four are following in the footsteps of family members. three of them are the sons of current or retired firefighters and one is the brother of a current firefighter. sixteen of the recruits are united states military veterans, making them uniquely suited for the many challenges that lie ahead as members of the pittsburgh bureau of fire. pittsburgh bureau of fire chief darryl jones told the class that they are also unique for another reason. “this class, more than any other, exuded the intestinal fortitude, the resiliency, and the can-do attitude that is the fabric of the pittsburgh bureau of fire,” said chief jones. speaking directly to the families, chief jones told them their loved ones were now members of an elite organization, but that their chosen career does not come without sacrifice. he told them there will also be concern for their safety. “do not worry. they will not be there alone. they will have over 600 of their brothers and sisters right there with them. they will stand with them side by side, back to back, supporting them, encouraging them, and keeping them safe,” said chief jones. public safety director wendell hissrich reminded the group that they pushed themselves mentally and physically and gave all they had to give during their 32-week journey to become pittsburgh firefighters. but, before administering the oath of office, hissrich told the graduating class that they were also special because they were taught by a legend, captain james petruzzi, who will retire next summer. “that means that you, class 129-19, are his last recruits. wear that honor proudly. not only were you taught by the best, but being his last class, he will never forget you. as for you, captain, i want to personally thank you,” said hissrich. after being granted the traditional weekend off after graduation by chief jones, the newly-minted firefighters will begin work with their platoons at their respective firehouses next week. 13/12/2019 14:36:11 public safety statement on first night 2020 pittsburgh, pa (dec. 26, 2019) – a pittsburgh tradition will continue tuesday, dec. 31 when the pittsburgh cultural trust hosts “first night 2020” events at venues throughout downtown. first night events always attract large crowds to the golden triangle. as such, public safety director wendell hissrich reminds everyone to have fun, but also to be safe and law-abiding. “by working with our partners at the cultural trust, the pittsburgh downtown partnership and regional law enforcement departments, pittsburgh public safety will be there to assure a safe experience for all,” hissrich said. “first night is a special night in pittsburgh. we’re going to keep it that way. anyone interested in engaging in illegal activities is advised to just stay home.” hissrich warned against an unsafe new year’s eve tradition in many large cities: shooting guns into the air. what goes up must come down, and the results are tragic when people are hit by celebratory gunfire. police will observe shotspotter activations throughout the city and officers will arrest anyone caught discharging a firearm in public. pittsburgh bureau of police will work with partnering law enforcement agencies -- including the pennsylvania state police, state park rangers, port authority police, the allegheny county sheriff’s office and the allegheny county police -- to provide uniformed and plainclothes officers throughout first night venues. the mounted unit and river rescue also will be present. police urge people to never drink and drive. officers will be actively looking for impaired drivers. as a reminder, city law prohibits the use of any fireworks, even those that are legal, within 150 feet of a structure. for more information on first night celebrations, go to firstnightpgh.trustarts.org. 26/12/2019 14:26:48 public safety statement on passing of glenn cannon pittsburgh, pa (jan. 20, 2020) -- it was with great sadness today that public safety director wendell hissrich and the entire city of pittsburgh public safety family learned of the passing of former director glenn m. cannon, esq. “few people in the history of our city can match mr. cannon in terms of contributions to pittsburgh and public safety,” director hissrich said. “he was an extraordinary man who lived an exemplary life. his legacy lives on today as the creator and first leader of the city’s ems department, and in countless other ways. this is a great loss. glenn cannon was a great man and a great pittsburgher.” mr. cannon began his pittsburgh public service career in 1975 when mayor pete flaherty named him to oversee a citywide mobile intensive care/advanced life support ambulance system, which would become the emergency medical services department. he led the newly-created pittsburgh ems from 1975 to 1986. during that time, he established the city’s first river rescue unit, first specialized rescue units and the city’s first hazardous materials response team. “he was a visionary with a keen sense of detail,” said ems chief ron romano, who was hired by cannon in 1978. in 1986, mayor richard caliguiri appointed mr. cannon to the position of public safety director, a role in which he led nearly 2,700 employees in police, fire, ems, building inspection and administration and 911. he also served as the city’s emergency management coordinator. he served as public safety director until 1992. “he was a great public safety director, very hands on and very active,” police chief scott schubert said. “this is a loss for his family and friends, and my heart goes out to them. it’s also a loss for public safety and the city.” following his pittsburgh career, mr. cannon worked extensively in emergency management at county, state and federal levels. director hissrich, a former ems medic, worked under mr. cannon when he was public safety director. “i personally witnessed his leadership at the bloomfield train derailment in 1987 and the ashland oil spill in 1988 while i was assigned to ems's rescue division as a paramedic,” hissrich said. “i saw firsthand how he was able to gain control of chaotic situations and ensure that first responders were able to do their jobs effectively.” mr. cannon held degrees from indiana university of pennsylvania, carnegie mellon university and duquesne university. he was a partner in the pittsburgh law firm of kennedy, cannon & devinney, an adjunct faculty member and visiting senior lecturer at the university of pittsburgh, and the author of numerous published professional articles. “glenn was truly a very good friend, leader, and mentor,” said assistant fire chief norm auvil, a longtime friend and colleague of mr. cannon. “his vision and inspiration led me to focus on family, education, training and public service. he truly has guided my personal and professional path in life.” on behalf of all in public safety, director hissrich offers his deepest condolences to mr. cannon’s surviving family and friends. 20/1/2020 11:22:45 new k9 officers graduate from academy pittsburgh, pa (jan. 24, 2020) – five new regional k9s were sworn into duty at a graduation ceremony at the pittsburgh bureau of police k9 training academy. “we’re very fortunate to have the k9 program in the city -- the handlers are just fantastic in what they do,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “unfortunately, sometimes they give their lives to protect officers and to protect the public. … we appreciate what you do and as long as i’m public safety director, you’ll have my full support for the k9 program.” the ceremony marked the end of an intensive three-month training program at the k9 academy, where pittsburgh police train k9 officers and handlers from agencies throughout region 13, which includes counties in southwestern pennsylvania. “i want to thank you for taking a dog and making it your partner, and to them for allowing you to be their partner,” police chief scott schubert said. “it’s a job that not everybody can do. and sometimes it’s a job that not everybody appreciates because they don’t see the amount of work you do, not just the work itself but at home. it really is a 24/7 job.” graduates in this class included members of pittsburgh police, butler city police and the lawrence county sheriff’s department: -- pittsburgh police officer kevin foley and k9 shadow -- pittsburgh police officer matt schwartzmiller and k9 miky -- butler city police lt. brian grooms and k9 chooch -- butler city police patrolman andrew niederlander and k9 rico -- lawrence county sheriff’s deputy john baldelli and k9 baki in addition, pittsburgh police officers kevin foley, rich houck and kevin merkel received training certificates to work as k9 instructors. “you’ve all worked very hard, you’ve all overcome your own personal hurdles with your dogs,” said sgt. william watts, one of the k9 instructors. “i still remember seeing you guys two weeks in, you were swearing to me you’d never graduate, that it would never come together. i told you if you kept the faith, the hard work would pay off. and here you are.” 24/1/2020 15:55:07 analysis: 2019 crime rates drop again pittsburgh, pa (jan. 30, 2020) -- the city of pittsburgh saw significant reductions in several key crime categories in 2019, most notably in homicides. police officials credited the reductions to several factors, including excellent police work, a focus on community outreach and engagement, the lifesaving work of medics, firefighters and hospitals, partner law enforcement agencies, and the communities and residents we serve. “so many different things go into it,” pittsburgh police chief scott schubert said. “first and foremost, it’s hard work by our officers. day in and day out, they amaze me with their work ethic, expertise and professionalism. and day in and day out, they make me proud to be their chief. others also deserve credit, including community members, our law enforcement partners at the local, state and federal levels, our amazing medics and hospitals and our community outreach efforts. “but while these numbers are encouraging, at the end of the day even one homicide is too many, one person being shot is too many,” chief schubert said. “so we’ll keep working. we won’t be happy until the numbers are even lower.” homicides in the city dropped 36 percent year-on-year, from 58 in 2018 to 37 in 2019. the drop continues a downward trend over the past five years, and marks the fewest homicides in the city since 1998. in addition, the number of combined non-fatal shooting incidents plus homicides continued to trend downwards for a fourth year in a row: 2016: 253 2017: 187 2018: 163 2019: 146 assistant chief lavonnie bickerstaff noted that the pittsburgh bureau of police began its transition from reactive policing to evidence-based and intelligence-led policing in 2016. "this style of policing relies heavily on the focus deterrents model advocated by david kennedy, who is well known for his work in boston’s 'operation ceasefire,'" bickerstaff said. "this strategic response allows officers to identify and focus on the small groups of individuals who are actively engaged in violence and hold them accountable for their behavior instead of the entire community. when the police, community, and social services are working together and communicating the same message against violent crime, a true reduction in gun violence can be realized." there were 1,569 violent crimes citywide, a drop of just 0.8 percent from 2018, but an 18.8 percent drop from the five-year average of 1,932 violent crimes per year. "good police work is helping to keep residents safe," major crimes commander victor joseph said. "from patrol officers who do excellent work on their beats to detectives who conduct thorough investigations, the men and women of this bureau deserve credit. their hard work and expertise is reflected in these numbers." public safety director wendell hissrich said the expansion of the shotspotter system and security cameras played a big role in reducing crime and saving lives. in 2018, shotspotter was expanded from three square miles of coverage to 18 square miles of coverage. shotspotter uses a network of acoustic sensors to detect when a gun is fired, and then precisely and quickly pinpoints the location of the gunfire, even if no one calls 911. the cameras allow police to review footage in the area of a shooting, identify suspects -- if not catch the actual crime and actor on camera -- and then track them as they flee. "as a result of the shotspotter system and city-installed security cameras, police are responding immediately to gunfire and locating victims," hissrich said. “by responding faster than ever before, officers are able to render aid to victims who otherwise might die. every officer carries and is trained to use a tourniquet, and the system combined with pittsburgh police’s training and the quick response of our ems medics is, quite simply, saving lives.” mayor william peduto added: “the significant drop in crime the last five years is attributable to the tireless work by our officers, our ongoing dedication to community policing, and continual investments in the bureau that have resulted in the largest pittsburgh police force in a generation. on behalf of the city i want to thank police and the entire pittsburgh community for their ongoing dedication to making us a city for all.” officials also credited city residents. when the public comes forward with tips, police solve crimes. as a result of increased community engagement, more people are helping police investigations by passing on key information. in addition, police programs aimed at connecting with youth allow officers to be viewed as positive influences who can help young people make constructive life decisions. group violence intervention, a strategy in which police focus their efforts on communities' most violent individuals, is also helping. through gvi, investigators and citizen outreach workers identify individuals who are most likely to commit a violent crime or become a victim of violent crime and hold custom notifications aimed at helping them escape a dangerous lifestyle. "the concept is: we want you to live, we want you to stay out of prison, we want you to be a productive member of society and we want to help you get there," said rev. cornell jones, who leads gvi outreach teams. "it’s not just law enforcement. this is a whole village mentality, it’s all of us working together." finally, partner law enforcement agencies contribute in numerous ways, including teaming up to disrupt and dismantle criminal enterprises. pittsburgh police has great working relationships with many agencies, including the district attorney’s office, us attorney’s office, fbi pittsburgh, university police departments, county law enforcement agencies and neighboring regional agencies. while police and public safety officials are pleased with the downward trends, much work remains. overall crime rates downtown dropped by 6 percent, but violent crime downtown increased from 119 cases in 2018 to 136 cases in 2019. police have added patrols to the golden triangle, and plan to staff the downtown substation around the clock. also of concern: ethnic intimidation cases increased from 17 total incidents (6 involving violence) in 2018 to 22 total incidents (11 involving violence). pittsburgh police have made it a priority to build bridges with every community and resident in the city of pittsburgh. we will not tolerate hatred against anyone. the increase in ethic intimidation cases mirror national averages, but pittsburgh police will continue to combat hate crime in all forms. “we have focused on precision policing through our data-driven policing efforts,” commander eric holmes said. “at the heart of our work is building bridges to the community. we are seeing the fruits of our labor.” dr. heath johnson and the pbp crime analysis team have compiled the following statistical data. more statistics will be released in the forthcoming annual report. 29/1/2020 16:19:57 pittsburgh bureau of police receives grant to support trauma responsiveness in the field pittsburgh, pa (february 3, 2020) – the pittsburgh bureau of police is pleased to announce a donation from allegheny health network (ahn) to provide city officers with life-saving hemostatic gauze, bolstering preparedness in response to traumatic injuries in the field. nustat tactical is a sterile dressing that is applied to trauma wounds to control bleeding and prevent infection until a patient can be transported to the hospital. public safety director wendell hissrich says expanding the distribution of this product to police officers is another important tool in an officer's toolkit. “police officers have already saved numerous lives using tourniquets and other equipment at their disposal, so providing a wider distribution of these types of tools can help save even more lives. similar to things like narcan, the more it’s out there in the field, the more likely we are to save lives,” said hissrich. ahn has provided 1,000 nustat gauze packages, which have now been issued to every pittsburgh bureau of police officer. the single-use dressing is already used widely by ems, the military, and hospitals and can serve as a valuable, life-saving instrument for both officers and civilians in the event of a traumatic injury. "uncontrolled bleeding can result in death in five minutes or fewer," said allie quick, chief philanthropy officer, ahn. "similar to how the general public learns and performs cpr, learning proper bleeding control techniques, including how to use your hands, dressings and tourniquets, can be life-saving knowledge in an emergency situation. we are grateful to work so closely with our police force to ensure that our city is as prepared as possible to respond to emergencies." 3/2/2020 11:02:19 public safety prepares for possible coronavirus outbreak pittsburgh, pa (feb. 27, 2020) – the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department continues to prepare for a possible outbreak of coronavirus in the region. although no cases have been reported here -- the closest reported u.s. case is in boston -- public safety plans for all possibilities at all times. as such, public safety director wendell hissrich began holding regular meetings to address coronavirus concerns in early january. those meetings continue. public safety’s readiness plans include updating the city’s 2014 pandemic operational plan, which has been completed. as part of that update, contingency plans were added to ensure additional ems personnel and units if necessary. in addition, first responders have been trained to identify possible cases of coronavirus, and to take steps to provide medical care or isolate patients if necessary. as part of that training, first responders were provided with enhanced personal protection kits that contain face masks, gloves, hand sanitizers and protective eyewear to be worn in the event they encounter someone with the virus. to achieve operational readiness, the city is checking all ems vehicles, including ambulances, to ensure they are working properly. city officials have also reached out to local hospitals and allegheny county and suburban public safety officials to coordinate preparedness and response plans. citizens can do their part in simple ways, most importantly by washing their hands often. “this is about being prepared,” director hissrich said. “while we are pleased that no cases have appeared in this area yet, we will be ready if any cases do appear here. we prepare for any and all types of threats, whether it be flooding concerns, large snowfalls, extreme heat, large gatherings in the city or presidential and dignitary visits. we always prepare, and we’ll be prepared for this as well.” for more information on national efforts to address the coronavirus, go to www.cdc.gov. (first responder personal protection kits) 27/2/2020 14:50:52 pittsburgh bureau of ems holds swearing-in and promotions ceremony pittsburgh, pa (march 9, 2020) - on monday, march 9, the pittsburgh bureau of ems held a swearing-in and promotions ceremony in city of pittsburgh council chambers. six new paramedics were sworn in, while two paramedics were promoted to the position of crew chief. alexander atkinson, ian leong, ken long, isaac nadoff, jennifer pollock, and michael simcic were sworn in as new paramedics, while fred caprio ii and christy zalewski were promoted and sworn in as crew chiefs. ems chief ronald romano congratulated the group and acknowledged the role of their families and friends in helping them perform their jobs at an elite level. "thank you for being here for them and supporting them in the work they do for the citizens of pittsburgh. i thank you for sharing them with us and understanding when they miss a family event because they are out helping someone else," said romano. he also thanked the ems crews who were out on the streets working so the paramedics and crew chiefs could be sworn in today. associate medical director dr. vince mosesso of pittsburgh ems recognized the new paramedics and those promoted to crew chief, noting that just four decades ago, the men and women of pittsburgh ems were pioneers in what was a new and emerging field of emergency medical services. "today the men and women of pittsburgh ems are leaders on the forefront of a new evolution in ems. today we recognize that ems sits at the intersection of public safety, public health and healthcare. there is an increasing appreciation of the role of ems in an integrated healthcare system," said mosesso. public safety director wendell hissrich reminded the new paramedics and crew chiefs that they represent the city, that they should treat patients the way they would treat their own family members, and to always take time for themselves and their families. before administering the oath of office, hissrich acknowledged that the group, along with the entire pittsburgh bureau of ems, could, in the coming weeks, be on the front lines of a new challenge with the coronavirus. hissrich said, "as we go down that path, we will learn day to day things that we should have done, or that we do correctly, for people who follow us who may be in the same situation. for that, ahead of time, i thank you. it may very well entail being away from your families more than what you expected when you signed up." 9/3/2020 15:50:05 pittsburgh bureau of police holds promotions ceremony pittsburgh, pa (march 12, 2020) – the pittsburgh bureau of police held a promotions ceremony today in the city of pittsburgh council chambers. four sergeants were promoted to the rank of lieutenant, while three officers were promoted to the rank of sergeant. istvan devenyi, eric kroll, thomas gault and philip mercurio were promoted to the rank of lieutenant. jonathan craig, jordan loscar and brian marckisotto were promoted to the rank of sergeant. police chief scott schubert acknowledged the hard work and dedication the officers have put in over the years and thanked them for taking this next step in their careers. “you’ve given yourself to the pittsburgh bureau of police and to this calling of being a police officer," schubert said. "these are tough times. it’s not an easy job. there’s a lot of stress, there’s a lot of danger, but each day you get up and put your uniform on and you go out and help the residents of the city of pittsburgh and the people who are visiting our city. "the officers are going to have questions and concerns. they’re going to look to you for answers, they’re going to look to you for guidance.” public safety director wendell hissrich told the group that they serve with the selfless desire to protect others and aid our communities. “i’m very impressed with your level of devotion and dedication to the city," hissrich said. "i thank you for your distinctive service and congratulate you on your well-deserved honor. i thank the family members for their sacrifice, for their understanding of the roles these officers play in the protection of the city we all love.” mayor william peduto noted that the new sergeants and lieutenants are now on the front lines of helping people in a challenging time for pittsburgh, and the world, as it confronts a global pandemic with covid-19. peduto reminded them that their knowledge and experience will be indispensible to the officers they guide. “remember this, that as you go home each night, think about the officers that you are leading and making sure that they have the opportunity to go home each night as well, safe, secure, and with sound guidance from you,” said peduto. 12/3/2020 17:26:27 public safety statement on st. patrick's day security pittsburgh, pa (march 13, 2020) — despite the cancellation of the annual st. patrick’s day parade, the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department is prepared for celebrations and large localized crowds tomorrow. with serious covid-19 concerns, this year’s holiday will be different than past years. some things, however, will not change — including public safety’s determination to catch anyone drinking and driving. “with covid-19 and the cancellation of the parade, we anticipate lighter crowds than years past,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “but we will still maintain a zero tolerance policy for disruptive and illegal behavior. underage drinking and drinking and driving in particular will be targeted. we want people to enjoy themselves, but to do so responsibly.” pittsburgh bureau of police dui patrols will actively seek anyone who drives under the influence. plan ahead, use lyft, uber and z-trip, and never drive while under the influence or get in a vehicle with a driver who is intoxicated. pittsburgh police will also have undercover officers and uniformed officers targeting law-breakers. state, county and city mounted units will be deployed, and river rescue will be active on the waterways. state police, county police, the sheriff’s department and police agencies from local universities and other public safety partners will be out as well. be mindful of p edestrian safety. wear light-colored clothing so motorists can see you. don’t wear headphones while walking. be aware of your surroundings. in addition this year — and in light of covid-19 concerns — focus on personal hygiene and social distancing. wash your hands regularly, do not share drinks, and maintain personal space of at least six feet from others. public safety understands that social distancing will be a challenge in bar or restaurant settings, which is why officials are urging businesses to lower their occupancy rates and give people more space. police, firefighters and inspectors from permits, licenses and inspections will be on the ground, strictly enforcing occupancy maximums. 13/3/2020 11:40:49 pittsburgh firefighter tests positive for covid-19 pittsburgh, pa (april 1, 2020) — a pittsburgh bureau of fire firefighter today tested positive for covid-19. the firefighter began experiencing flu-like symptoms on march 27 and has not worked since the day before, march 26. the firefighter is on self-isolation at home. o fficials have identified seven firefighters who came into contact with the firefighter on march 26. all seven firefighters have been instructed to self-quarantine at home. none are showing symptoms. fire officials are checking in daily with the firefighter who tested positive and the seven firefighters on self-quarantine. equipment and gear the firefighter used is being thoroughly cleaned. for privacy reasons, public safety is not releasing the name or work location of the firefighter. 1/4/2020 16:39:33 update: pittsburgh police officer tests positive for covid-19 pittsburgh, pa (april 6, 2020) — a pittsburgh bureau of police officer has tested positive for covid-19. the officer started exhibiting flu-like symptoms on april 1 and was sent home. on april 2, the officer was tested. the results came back positive on april 4. the officer is in self-isolation at home. the officer is an instructor with the police academy and was recently in contact with recruits. police officials are in the process of identifying and notifying everyone who had contact with the officer and placing them in self-quarantine. all equipment and gear the officer used has been thoroughly cleaned. officials are checking in daily with the officer. for privacy reasons, public safety is not releasing the officer's name. update: the following is a statement from chief scott schubert on the positive test of a pbp officer: “the safety and well-being of our officers is always a top priority for me and my command staff, but officer health is especially important now as the men and women of the pittsburgh bureau of police are on the front lines of this battle day in and day out. simply put, for us to help the public, we need officers to be healthy. “for that reason, and out of an abundance of caution, we have temporarily suspended a 28-person recruit class as we identify who among them might have been exposed to a firearms instructor that has tested positive for covid-19. any exposure would have occurred at the outdoor police firing range in zone 5 and not in the academy. “we’ve made several adjustments as we face this virus, including the suspension of all in-service training more than three weeks ago. we suspended the training of a new recruit class, but continued the training of this class because they were close to satisfying their training requirements. the class was isolated from other officers and was instructed to maintain social distancing. it is not known where the officer who tested positive contracted the virus. we have instructed numerous recruits who might have come into contact with him at the range to self-quarantine, and we will be monitoring their health daily. anyone who shows symptoms will be tested. at this time, one recruit has shown symptoms and has been tested, but the results are not in yet. “these are stressful times. and first responders simply cannot work from home. i stand in awe of my officers for the way they have dedicated themselves to our communities during this most difficult time.” a statement from public safety director wendell hissrich on the positive test: “we are taking every possible preventative measure to ensure the safety of all our first responders. but we are dealing with an unprecedented and unpredictable threat. this is our first officer to test positive, and the second member of public safety after a firefighter tested positive last week. hopefully we will have no more positive tests. but as we have seen in other cities, first responders are often deeply impacted by this virus.” 6/4/2020 14:43:49 city of pittsburgh staff issued masks to help stop spread of covid-19 pittsburgh, pa (april 8, 2020) - all city of pittsburgh staff working in the field and having contact with the public will be issued protective masks, following recommendations issued by the centers for disease control and prevention and governor tom wolf. residents will soon see masks being worn by police, firefighters, paramedics, animal care & control officers, park rangers, and personnel from the departments of public works, mobility and infrastructure, permits licenses and inspections, and parks and recreation. “we’ve got to model this practice for everybody else,” police chief scott schubert said. “if everyone does their part and wears a mask, we might be able to stop this virus even quicker.” the masks do not prevent the person wearing them from contracting the virus, but they do help reduce the amount of potentially infectious droplets expelled by the wearer, thereby protecting anyone the mask-wearer encounters. public safety and other city of pittsburgh staff are using the masks to protect first responders and the public. we all have a part to play in this battle, and we will not waver until covid-19 is defeated. #hereforyou412 8/4/2020 08:54:16 public safety, city of pittsburgh issue latest covid-19 update pittsburgh, pa (april 17, 2020) — a pittsburgh firefighter who tested positive for covid-19 has recovered from the virus and returned to work. the firefighter began experiencing flu-like symptoms on march 27 and immediately went into self-isolation at home. the firefighter tested positive for covid-19 on april 1, but never required hospitalization. pittsburgh bureau of fire officials identified seven other firefighters who came into contact with the firefighter on march 26 and placed them on self-quarantine at home. none of them developed symptoms. they also returned to work. over the past week, two additional pittsburgh bureau of police officials tested positive for the virus, including a recruit and an officer. police have had six total positive tests. one officer required hospitalization but is improving and hopes to be released soon. all others were placed on self-isolation. contact-tracing has been conducted in all cases. police command staff is in daily contact with the officers and their families. no one from ems, animal care & control or emergency management has tested positive for the virus. “other departments have seen 10, 15, even 20 percent of their personnel become ill, but we have so far avoided anything like that,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “this virus is volatile and dangerous, but we have implemented numerous measures that we hope will continue to keep our numbers as low as possible.” in addition to personal protective equipment (ppe), public safety personnel have been issued masks to be worn at all times while in public. first responders’ are screened before entering facilities and anyone with a fever or any other symptom is sent home. in addition, social distancing is being observed at all times possible. one environmental services worker sadly died of covid-19 this week. a second employee who tested positive has not yet returned to work. note: the numbers of personnel being tested, self-isolations, self-quarantines and other covid-19-related actions fluctuate daily, and as such public safety and the city will provide weekly updates on positive tests but cannot accommodate daily inquiries. 17/4/2020 13:13:44 pittsburgh bureau of ems receives state recognition for achieving expert level pediatric care pittsburgh, pa (may 19, 2020) -- during national emergency medical services week, the pittsburgh bureau of ems received recogntion today from the pennsylvania emergency health services council for its ongoing commitment to delivering high-quality pediatric emergency care in the city of pittsburgh. the pittsburgh bureau of ems completed pennsylvania's pediatric voluntary recognition program (pvrp) to ensure that all children receive the best possible prehospital emergency care. the multi-faceted program requires ems agencies to complete five requirements that build from the basic to the expert level. the council's ems for children program manager, duane spencer, recognized the pittsburgh bureau of ems for its successful completion of the expert level.  ems chief ron romano received the offical certification on behalf of the bureau, calling it a great honor. "many thanks to the paramedics who are out there doing this every day and making this accomplishment happen and for making us all proud," said romano. ems district chief jeffrey meyer was also recognized as the program's pediatric emergency care coordinator who will assist the bureau in preparing for calls for service involving pediatric patients through ongoing education and training, quality improvement, community engagement and preparedness, and clinical care. public safety director wendell hissrich acknowledged the evolution of pittsburgh ems over the years, as it improves on skills with thousands of hours of advanced training to include things like pediatric care. hissrich said, "i think it's very important that we've expanded our role not only from the response by ems, but to prevention, and hopefully that will continue." mayor william peduto congratulated the bureau on its accomplishment and acknowledged its integral role in the city's world class medical community. "our ems bureau is viewed on a global basis. people travel in from around the world in order to be able to be trained by pittsburgh ems. that type of recognition is only enhanced by the recognition of today from the department of health," said peduto. 19/5/2020 15:57:40 police chief responds to tragic and senseless death of george floyd pittsburgh, pa (may 29, 2020)—the following is a message pittsburgh bureau of police chief scott schubert sent bureau-wide at 6 a.m. today. public safety is releasing it publicly in response to questions from the public and media about pbp’s response to the tragic and senseless death of george floyd in minneapolis. colleagues, i'm certain many of you have by now viewed the video of george floyd’s in-custody death in minneapolis on may 25. like you, i was deeply disturbed and saddened by what i saw. this is not how we are trained to restrain people and it's not what we stand for as police officers. regardless of the original crime or what occurred prior to the arrest, a person in handcuffs and face-down on the ground should not lose their life due to the action or inaction of the involved officers. it was difficult to watch mr. floyd pleading for help and gasping for breath before saying his final words—all while pedestrians frantically pleaded with officers to help him. i simply cannot comprehend the actions of the officers or their lack of moral courage and duty to intervene and stop the action before it was too late. my prayers are with mr. floyd and his family during this most difficult time. as police officers, we have a fundamental duty to care for and safeguard everyone and anyone in our custody. that did not occur with this particular incident. a man was deprived of his life, a family was deprived of their loved one, a community was deprived of their faith in the people who are entrusted to keep them safe and our noble profession was deprived of its legitimacy by the incomprehensible and senseless actions of a few. there was no consideration for the value of human life and that is inexcusable. these officers don’t represent any of us in law enforcement and must face the consequences for their actions! we are better than this. we must continue to do what's right. i'm thankful for the men and women of the pittsburgh bureau of police. i know the high level of training each of you have received and i know firsthand the high level of professionalism, bravery, courage and compassion our officers display on a daily basis. we have sworn an oath and i trust that all of us will use our moral courage to intervene when we see something wrong. we owe it to each another, we owe it to our noble profession and we owe it to the community we protect and serve. i have asked the academy to review this senseless death and share additional information that can help reinforce our training and policies. excessive force is unacceptable and will not be tolerated at any level. thank you for your commitment to selfless service. please stay safe and healthy! scott chief scott e. schubert city of pittsburgh bureau of police 29/5/2020 09:20:06 police release 2019 annual report pittsburgh, pa (july 3, 2019) —the pittsburgh bureau of police today posted online the 2019 annual report . “as part of our commitment to transparency, we encourage members of the community to explore every aspect of the report to learn as much as possible about our bureau and our efforts to keep our communities safe while serving the public with a high level of professionalism, courage, integrity, respect and compassion,” police chief scott e. schubert stated in the annual report introduction. “our goal continues to strive to be reflective of the communities that we serve.” the report includes statistics, including a 36% drop in homicides, and details ongoing efforts by group violence intervention, plus homeless empathy and resource training for all recruits at the academy. chief schubert also reflects on the loss off officer calvin hall. “the bureau of police faced a line of duty death with the passing of officer calvin hall on july 17, 2019,” chief schubert observed. “calvin’s service to the city of pittsburgh will never be forgotten.” anyone interested in joining the pittsburgh bureau of police is invited to visit join pittsburgh police. “we are extremely excited with the direction we are headed,” schubert said. “we value our partnerships with the communities we serve, and we recognize that we will not be successful without support from the communities we serve. we take seriously our responsibility of protecting the citizens of pittsburgh. the full report can be found at:  29/5/2020 13:14:41 pittsburgh police create damage assessment & accountability task force (daat) pittsburgh, pa (june 4, 2020)—the majority of the recent protests in the city of pittsburgh have been peaceful, marred only by the presence of a small group of people more intent on causing destruction than achieving social justice. the pittsburgh bureau of police, in partnership with multiple local agencies and the general public, has launched investigations into individuals within that small group—people who have attacked journalists, looted businesses, caused property damage and committed other crimes. the unified body overseeing these investigations—the damage assessment & accountability task force (daat)—was formed today. this multi-agency team, comprised of local, state, and federal partners, has begun interviewing witnesses and victims of crime and assessing all property damage related to the protests. they are analyzing digital evidence gathered from police body worn cameras, city cameras and all available private cctv footage. "i would like to thank all of the law enforcement agencies participating in the task force. together we are committed to locating and holding those responsible for the damage and violence that occurred in our city," said pittsburgh police chief scott schubert. members of the public can also help. anyone wishing to share videos, photographs, or information can send it to daat@pittsburghpa.gov . contributors will remain anonymous. 4/6/2020 11:44:16 law enforcement creates taskforce related to pittsburgh protests pittsburgh, pa (june 5, 2020)—the majority of the recent protests in the city of pittsburgh have been peaceful, with only a small group of people intent on causing destruction. the pittsburgh bureau of police, in partnership with multiple local agencies and the general public, has launched investigations into individuals within that small group—people who have attacked journalists, looted business, caused property damage and committed other crimes such as arson. the unified body overseeing these investigations—the damage assessment and accountability taskforce ( daat )—was formed earlier this week. in connection to this taskforce, police arrested matthew michanowicz, 52, of duquesne heights after police recovered a backpack with homemade explosives on monday. after reviewing security camera footage, investigators determined michanowicz placed the bag there on sunday and then left. pittsburgh police are working in conjunction with federal investigators on the case. “the daat will continue to review previous intelligence indicating past violence against property, journalists, private citizens and law enforcement,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “that intelligence includes online threats to damage and loot businesses, and detailed instructions on how to make a molotov cocktail. these threats are real: on saturday, a protester threw an improvised incendiary device at a pittsburgh police officer near mellon square, which exploded on the ground and caused a nearby officer to suffer concussion-like symptoms. police are actively investigating.” the taskforce is also investigating the looting and/or vandalism of dozens of businesses in the city, and assaults on at least five journalists. the city, public safety and police bureau have long held as a guiding principle the belief that all people have a fundamental right to protest peacefully, as is guaranteed by the first amendment. police will monitor all protests, try to anticipate the group’s movement and then close roadways in advance of the protesters in order to keep them safe. law enforcement intervenes only when violence occurs and a gathering has been deemed unlawful. at that time, orders to disperse are issued. daat is a multi-agency team comprised of local, state, and federal law enforcement partners, to include: pittsburgh bureau of police, allegheny county district attorney’s office, allegheny county police, allegheny county sheriff’s department, pennsylvania attorney general’s office, pennsylvania state police, fbi pittsburgh, the us attorneys office and the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. the taskforce is interviewing witnesses and victims of crime and assessing all property damage related to the protests. they are analyzing digital evidence gathered from police body worn cameras, city cameras and all available private cctv footage. more arrests are pending. members of the public can also help. anyone wishing to share videos, photographs, or information can send it to daat @pittsburghpa.gov, or call (412) 323-7800 and ask for the taskforce. contributors will remain anonymous. 5/6/2020 14:56:52 public safety director swears in seven paramedics public safety director wendell hissrich swore in seven new paramedics during a ceremony on the north shore this morning. “these are challenging times for public safety and the city,” hissrich said. “but i know you are up to those challenges ahead.” benjamin bowman, emon ismail, matthew lederman, emily migdal, joseph mahoney, zachary saylor and nissa thomsen were all sworn in before hissrich, ems chief ron romano, city medical director ron roth, colleagues, friends and family during the ceremony. "thank you to the families,” romano said. “thank you for being here for them and supporting them in the work they do and for sharing them with us. and thank you to the ems crews working today so we can all be here.” the event was held outside, rather than council chambers, so as to properly maintain physical distancing. please join us in welcoming pittsburgh’s newest first responders. 25/6/2020 16:01:26 fireworks taskforce formed pittsburgh, pa (june 26, 2020)—pittsburghers love fourth of july fireworks shows. but with public shows cancelled this year due to covid-19 concerns, many people across the city are conducting private shows in neighborhoods citywide. indeed, from june 1 to june 21, pittsburgh police received 137 fireworks complaint calls— a 389 percent increase over the 28 calls received over the same period last year. while this spike is also occurring in cities across the country, public safety officials remind local residents and visitors that consumer fireworks—even those that were recently legalized—pose significant dangers to people and property, and that fireworks can almost never be set off legally inside city limits. “as a pittsburgh native myself, i understand that fireworks are an important part of the way we celebrate our independence day,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “unfortunately, as a result of the ongoing battle against the deadly coronavirus, all fireworks and public gatherings have been cancelled this year. please remember that fireworks are a real fire hazard and can be very dangerous. i urge everyone to exercise caution this year and not use them.” to address the illegal use of fireworks in city neighborhoods, a fireworks taskforce made up of pittsburgh police and fire investigators was formed this week. the taskforce will patrol city nieghborhoods and respond to 911 calls for illegal fireworks. city law prohibits the use of fireworks, even those that are legal, within 150 feet of any structure. fireworks are also prohibited in all parks, any public space and on private property without consent of the landowner. anyone caught violating fireworks law is subject to a $100 fine and the possible seizure of their fireworks. “fireworks are not safe, especially in the hands of children,” pittsburgh bureau of fire’s fire prevention officer lisa epps-cuda said. “not even sparklers are safe. think about it: water boils at 212 degrees, wood burns at 575 degrees, glass melts at 900 degrees and sparklers burn at 1,200 degrees. why would you put something like that in the hands of a child?” 26/6/2020 09:41:07 fourth of july safety announcement pittsburgh, pa (july 1, 2020)—the fourth of july, like everything else these days, will take on a different look and feel this year. as a result of the ongoing global pandemic, there will be no city-sponsored fireworks show, no mass gatherings at the point or north shore, and no alcohol consumption at bars downtown, in the southside or anywhere else in the county. as such, public safety’s approach this year will also change. pittsburgh police and several partner law enforcement agencies will still be out on saturday, but rather than assuring safety for large crowds of revelers, they will seek to counsel people not adhering to proper physical distancing or public mask-wearing, instructing any large groups that do assemble to disperse, and enforcing laws. “this is certainly going to be a unique independence day in pittsburgh, and not necessarily in a positive way,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “we all know that these are uncertain and trying times. but if we can pull together as a city and each of us do our part to keep ourselves and our neighbors safe, hopefully we can come together as a city next year and have a fourth of july celebration that no one will ever forget.” director hissrich, ems chief ron romano, fire chief darryl jones and police chief scott schubert provide the following safety tips for this year’s holiday weekend: —do not use fireworks illegally. although some consumer fireworks were recently legalized, they remain a fire hazard and safety concern. as a reminder, fireworks are not allowed in point state park or any city park. in addition, the use of any fireworks, even those that are legal, are prohibited within 150 feet of any structure, on any public land and on private property without the landowner’s permission. due to a dramatic surge in fireworks complaints, public safety formed a fireworks taskforce to patrol city neighborhoods and target anyone using fireworks illegally. for more information, follow this link to the taskforce press release:  —do not fire guns in the air. celebratory gunfire is dangerous and, frankly, stupid. but it remains a problem in many cities, particularly on the fourth of july and new year’s eve. bullets fired into the air must come down, and when they do the results can be deadly. pittsburgh police in all six zones will respond to shotspotter activations and arrest anyone caught firing a gun in public. —practice water safety. with city pools closed, some residents will take to private pools and rivers to swim. these options carry significant risk as there is typically not a qualified life guard on duty. river rescue, the fire boat and the coast guard will be on the city’s three rivers to enforce boating laws and teach water safety. —follow pandemic guidelines. maintain proper physical distancing. wear a mask. wash your hands for at least 20 seconds often. avoid large crowds. stay home if you’re not feeling well. in other words, all of the advice health experts have been repeating for months, follow them. allegheny county is experiencing a spike in new covid-19 cases. we can reverse this trend, but only if we follow the experts’ advice. —prepare for heat. the fourth of july traditionally brings heat and humidity, and this year will be no different. temperatures are forecast to be above 90 for many days in a row. limit alcohol intake and drink plenty of water. —do not drink and drive. ever. patrols will be out actively searching for and arresting impaired drivers. when it comes to drinking and driving, public safety has a zero-tolerance policy. —remember your pets. please keep them in a safe place. many dogs are panicked by fireworks and will run away when they hear them. animal care & control sees an increase in lost pets every year in the weeks leading up to the fourth of july. again, we understand that 2020 has been challenging on multiple fronts and that this year’s celebrations will necessarily be different. let’s all keep a level head during these strange days, with the understanding that our best days as a city are ahead of us. public safety thanks you and wishes all a happy, albeit muted, fourth of july. 1/7/2020 10:02:22 fireworks incidents underscore fourth of july public safety concerns pittsburgh, pa (july 3, 2020) -- as we head into the independence day weekend, last night kept the fireworks taskforce extremely busy with a total of 85 fireworks complaint calls across all six police zones. three of those calls proved to be another strong reminder of the dangers of fireworks in the city. at around 11 p.m. taskforce members warned a group of people shooting off fireworks from the baseball field at horace mann school on the 2800 block of shadeland avenue to stop and clean up their debris. about 40 minutes later the roof of the abandoned school was discovered to be on fire. firefighters battled and put out the 2-alarm blaze that caused an estimated $50,000 to $60,000 damage. another incident resulted in an injury. a firework was thrown into the gym at mcnaugher school in the 2600 block of maple street during a dance class. one juvenile female received a minor burn to her foot. earlier in the day, a large brush fire on rose street in the hill district was extinguished before it could spread to any structures or cause injuries. that fire was also believed to have been caused by fireworks. these incidents are being investigated. there are no arrests at this time, but anyone with information is urged to call the pittsburgh bureau of police at (412) 323-7800. state law prohibits the use of fireworks, even those that are legal, within 150 feet of any structure. fireworks are also prohibited in all parks, any public space, and on private property without consent of the landowner. anyone caught violating fireworks law is subject to a $100 fine and the possible seizure of their fireworks. the fireworks task force would also like people to know that the release of sky lanterns is illegal. "we at public safety know this fourth of july weekend is not the kind pittsburghers are used to. it's frustrating that we can't gather and celebrate with our usual, grand fireworks display that everyone can enjoy," public safety director wendell hissrich said. "many people will be tempted to put on their own displays, but i urge them to refrain and celebrate in other ways in order to stay safe during these challenging times." 3/7/2020 11:18:56 statement from the family of officer calvin hall pittsburgh, pa (july 17, 2020) — the following is a statement from the family of pittsburgh bureau of police officer calvin hall : “it has been one year since our loved one was abruptly taken from us, and not a day goes by that we do not mourn him. the pain is just as present today as it was a year ago. his death represents so many others who are gone too soon, gone due to the unnecessary violence that continues to plague our communities. “we are still trying to process what happened and why. but we remain in constant hope that justice will be served, not only for calvin but for all who have lost their lives at the hands of others due to ignorance, hatred, and prejudice. “the hall family would like to thank the pittsburgh police and the city of pittsburgh for standing in solidarity to combat racial inequities. we would also like to thank mayor william peduto, braddock police, point park university police, and the housing authority for keeping calvin ’s legacy alive. “we are keeping everyone in our thoughts and prayers during these trying times. thank you, and be safe.” officer hall was shot in the early morning hours of july 14, 2019. he died from his injuries july 17, 2019. as the investigation is ongoing, pittsburgh police will have no further comment on his murder. but we will continue to pray for officer hall ’s family, and to be ever thankful that the pbp was blessed, albeit briefly, with calvin ’s presence. 17/7/2020 09:56:34 pittsburgh bureau of ems receives american heart association elite status award pittsburgh, pa, (july 29, 2020) – for the third year running, the pittsburgh bureau of ems was honored with the american heart association’s 2020 mission: lifeline ems gold plus performance achievement award; the highest level. the distinction recognizes the outstanding level of critical care paramedics and emts provide to cardiac and stroke patients. “this is another great accomplishment achieved once again by our city’s ems bureau," public safety director wendell hissrich said. “to be able to maintain and provide the highest quality care for the residents and visitors to pittsburgh is a reflection of the training, advanced skills, and technology that the paramedics and emts utilize every day throughout the city. congratulations." according to the american heart association, this elite status distinction signifies that pittsburgh ems applies “the most up-to-date and evidence-based treatment guidelines to improve patient care and outcomes in the community you serve.” “this is the fourth year in a row pittsburgh ems has received the award and the third year straight that it received the gold plus standing, thanks to the meticulous work performed by pittsburgh ems personnel each day,” said pittsburgh ems chief ronald romano. assistant ems chief mark pinchalk noted that pittsburgh ems achieved this honor while also managing the challenges of an ongoing global pandemic. “we are going through tough times at the moment, but take a minute and enjoy your accomplishment,” said pinchalk. 29/7/2020 16:37:19 statement from public safety director wendell hissrich and police chief scott schubert on changes to incident command during protests pittsburgh, pa (august 21, 2020) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police is implementing changes to incident command during the ongoing protests in the city. public safety director wendell hissrich and police chief scott schubert will continue working closely with the mayor’s office to help institute these changes in a manner that will keep citizens safe and contribute to the improvement of police-community relations in the city of pittsburgh. “to the men and women of the pittsburgh bureau of police, we appreciate the tireless hard work and dedication you demonstrate each and every day, especially under extremely challenging circumstances. we will do everything in our power to provide you with the leadership you need and deserve during this time,” said public safety director wendell hissrich. “our officers are as skilled with adapting to change as they are with serving and protecting the people of pittsburgh day in and day out, without hesitation and without question. their expertise and involvement will be instrumental to ensuring these changes will result in a safer, more inclusive, and more compassionate pittsburgh,” said police chief scott schubert. pittsburgh public safety fully supports the inalienable rights to peaceful assembly and freedom of speech afforded to all americans under the first amendment. it will continue do so. 21/8/2020 16:39:36 pittsburgh police and global links bring the, “need a mask, take a mask” initiative to a close pittsburgh, pa (september 30, 2020) - the pittsburgh bureau of police and global links are winding down their successful campaign to help protect pittsburgh residents during the covid-19 pandemic. since may, more than 100,000 free masks have been distributed to residents through the, “need a mask, take a mask” initiative. protective cloth masks were made available at all six pittsburgh police zones and two substations, placed inside newspaper boxes on loan from the pittsburgh post-gazette and the tribune-review. additional masks were also handed out with grab and go lunches at citiparks – city of pittsburgh department of parks and recreation senior and recreation centers and to 70 other community partners. this innovative collaboration was made possible thanks to global links, which donated the masks to the pittsburgh bureau of police in an effort to help community members comply with governor tom wolf’s facemask order and flatten the curve at the height of the pandemic. “pittsburgh police jumped at the chance to collaborate with global links, a renowned medical relief and development organization that repurposes surplus resources to meet local and international needs,” said pittsburgh police sergeant tiffany kline-costa. “through this initiative we were able to help play a small part in safeguarding our communities and educating our neighbors about the importance of protective mask use during covid-19. the pittsburgh bureau of police is grateful for this partnership and we hope residents will continue to stay safe and healthy.” when the current supply of masks runs out at pittsburgh police zone locations, they will not be replenished. pittsburgh police would like to thank global links, the pittsburgh post-gazette, and the tribune-review for making this program a success. 30/9/2020 10:07:35 pittsburgh bureau of fire enhances swift water and flood response capabilities pittsburgh, pa (october 2, 2020) – the pittsburgh bureau of fire is pleased to announce that it has completed training to become recognized as a type-3a swift water and flood response team by the pennsylvania department of health, bureau of emergency medical services and the office of the state fire commissioner. pittsburgh bureau of fire chief darryl jones began putting together a swift water rescue team shortly after a severe rain storm caused flash flooding along washington boulevard in august 2011, killing four people. “we were not prepared at that time and now we are prepared. we’ve been working toward this certification that now recognizes the technician-level training our teams have achieved and officially states that we meet the standard to perform this task, this rescue, this duty,” said jones. under the guidance of chief jones, captain patrick shaw with engine truck 17 has headed up the training program over the past eight years. “pittsburgh bureau of fire is on pema’s radar now. if a hurricane comes through the eastern part of the state, pema can request our type 3-a team. we’re actually providing a better service to the citizens, they pay their taxes and we’re here to give them a better service. we are trained at the technician level and a top notch rescue team is what they have now.” said shaw. thirty-eight firefighters are trained and certified at the technician level, split between two separate squads. the type-3a certification makes the teams a regional asset deployable outside of pittsburgh and allegheny county for flash flood and disaster response. 2/10/2020 10:32:07 pittsburgh police officer timothy matson returns to work nearly two years after tree of life shooting pittsburgh, pa, (october 6, 2020) --- the department of public safety is thrilled to announce that pittsburgh bureau of police officer timothy matson has returned to work this week on modified duty. officer matson was shot and seriously injured during the tragic attack inside the tree of life synagogue that killed 11 people on october 27, 2018. since that time, officer matson has undergone extensive rehabilitation to ensure his return to the profession he loves. “tim said from day one that he would be back. he’s worked extremely hard over the last two years to make this a reality and we couldn’t be prouder or more thankful to tim and all who stood by his side during this incredible journey. if anyone was going to do this, after everything he’s been through, i knew tim could," said police chief scott schubert. public safety director wendell hissrich called matson’s return to work a, “a bright spot to emerge from a dark chapter in the city’s history.” "officer matson is a model of selflessness and dedication to others, and a great example of the public service police officers and other city employees provide to pittsburgh residents every day," mayor william peduto said. welcome back officer matson! n.b. understandably there is great interest in officer matson’s return, but public safety would like to remind people to refrain from directly contacting any of its personnel. all inquiries must be directed to the public information office at pio@pittsburghpa.gov. 6/10/2020 13:53:40 pittsburgh bureau of ems holds awards, swearing-in, and promotions ceremony pittsburgh, pa (october 14, 2020) – the pittsburgh bureau of emergency medical services held an outdoor awards, swearing-in and promotions ceremony today beside the law enforcement officers memorial on the north shore. michael mcclintock and tyler woeppel were sworn in as new emergency medical technicians (emts). thomas brungo, brianna kramer, katsiaryna lohinava, emma owings, alyse saylor, and suzanne schwebel were sworn in as new paramedics. anthony cugini was promoted from emt to paramedic and crew chief anthony shrader was promoted to district chief. ems chief ronald romano congratulated the group and thanked their families and friends for supporting them as they advance in their careers with pittsburgh ems. “thank you for sharing them with us and understanding when they miss a family event because they are helping someone else,” romano said. medical director dr. ronald roth acknowledged how a global pandemic has created new challenges for ems personnel in the field, while providing a new, heightened level of protection for everyone. “there’s never been a more challenging time to be a pre-hospital care provider. working at home is not an option for you and wearing a mask is not a political statement. it’s a way of keeping you safe, your families safe, and our patients safe,” said dr. roth. public safety director wendell hissrich congratulated the group on their accomplishments and told them that one of the most important services pittsburgh ems personnel can provide is compassion. “whether or not it’s basic life support or advanced life support, you always need to remember that it might be the first time that a member of the public is calling for a medic unit or an emt unit. what you do during your patient care time, they may remember the rest of their lives,” said hissrich. mayor william peduto administered the oath of office for the new and newly-promoted members, reminding them that they’re part of an organization of leaders, but also part of a team that will be there for them so they can be there for the people of pittsburgh. “you’ll be in the situation where people will be relying upon you, so you will have to rely upon each other. you’ll be in the situation where people will be at the darkest moment of their life, in the moment where they don’t know whether they’ll be able to take another breath…and they’re going to rely upon you to make sure that they do,” said peduto. as part of the ceremony, district chief mike rogers presented paramedics romayne bendig and taylor mahoney with the district chief’s award for their actions in rescuing a woman who was struck by a vehicle and trapped underneath. the meritorious service medal was awarded to crew chief christy zalewski for consistently demonstrating outstanding acts of service that reflect rare and exceptional character and an uncommon degree of concern for the well-being of others. 14/10/2020 16:36:02 pittsburgh public safety enhances covid-19 precautions to protect personnel pittsburgh, pa (october 21, 2020) – pittsburgh public safety continues to take the ongoing covid-19 pandemic extremely seriously. recent cases of possible exposures across the public safety bureaus serve as a constant reminder of the prevalence of the virus. a pittsburgh bureau of police zone officer recently tested positive for covid-19, resulting in a number of other officers and supervisors being placed in isolation or quarantine pending test results or medical clearance. as a result, public safety is taking additional precautions in an effort to prevent its personnel from the contracting the virus. effective immediately, public safety director wendell hissrich has suspended all in-person training programs and inter-unit rotations for police, fire, and ems until after the election period. “protecting public safety personnel is of paramount importance at all times, but even more so during this pandemic. that requires keeping our personnel healthy so there is a full complement of first responders ready and available to serve and protect pittsburgh residents and visitors,” director hissrich said. compliance with wearing masks and practicing social distancing will continue to be emphasized and enforced across all of the public safety bureaus. in addition, pittsburgh public safety acknowledges that there is a heightened level of interest in how its personnel are preparing ahead of the federal election on tuesday, november 3. we are working closely with allegheny county and all of our local, state and federal partners to prepare for all contingencies. while the bureaus do not provide specific operational details, the pittsburgh bureau of police will be moving to 12-hour shifts from november 2 until november 8. all pass days, personal days and holidays will be cancelled during that time. 21/10/2020 12:32:07 five pittsburgh bureau of police officers promoted to sergeant pittsburgh, pa (october 23, 2020) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police held a promotions ceremony on thursday inside council chambers. officers jeffrey upson, william friberger, robert monticelli, kyle nelson, and peter bechtold were promoted to the rank of sergeant. "to you five...i couldn't be prouder. this is the most favorite part of my job. i couldn't ask for better people to accept leadership responsibility than you," said police chief scott schubert. chief schubert told the group they'd all proven themselves time and again on the job. "you now have an opportunity to mentor officers in the field and model the things that you do currently in your assignments. take that experience to help others learn and help keep them safe." public safety director wendell hissrich called the officers among the most diversified, well-trained, and experienced that the bureau has promoted to sergeant. "the decisions that you make and the leadership and guidance you provide to the officers will make a difference and potentially save lives," said hissrich. before mayor william peduto administered the oath of office, he told the soon-to-be sergeants, that their new rank is considered one of the most important positions within the pittsburgh bureau of police, as they help guide a younger and more diverse force. "you'll be responsible for not only their training, but their day to day safety. you'll be responsible for when they put on that uniform, that they do it in a way that is respectful to not only every officer that has served in this bureau before, but every officer who will wear that uniform after you have retired," said mayor peduto. the five new sergeants will be assigned to three of the six police zones. congratulations sergeants upson, friberger, monticelli, nelson, and bechtold! 23/10/2020 10:14:39 nuisance bar task force executes search warrant at problem establishment pittsburgh, pa (october 26, 2020) – following numerous complaints from the community, the nuisance bar task force (nbtf) executed a search warrant for liquor sales without a license at bridgez, located at 1751 arlington avenue on friday, october 23. as a result of the investigation, officers with the pittsburgh bureau of police narcotics and vice unit, pittsburgh police zone 3, and the pennsylvania state police bureau of liquor control enforcement – pittsburgh office seized beer, liquor, gambling devices, as well as cash proceeds from the illegal activity. three individuals will be charged for sales of alcohol without a license and illegal gambling. in addition, pittsburgh police recovered a rifle on the premises and separately arrested a male in possession of an illegal firearm and narcotics. the nuisance bar task force is a multi-disciplinary team comprised of law enforcement and non-law enforcement partners to ensure that establishments serve alcohol and conduct business in a legal, safe, and responsible manner. members of the nbtf include: -          pittsburgh bureau of police -          pittsburgh bureau of fire -          pennsylvania state police bureau of liquor control enforcement – pittsburgh office -          allegheny county health department -          district attorney’s office -          city of pittsburgh office of permits, licenses, & inspections during the covid-19 pandemic, community complaints about overcapacity, illegal liquor sales, violence, and criminal activity at certain establishments have increased. “the city will not tolerate nuisance bars that create problems and detract from the quality of life for residents in surrounding neighborhoods. the nuisance bar task force will continue to address complaints forwarded by the public and conduct regular, unannounced checks at problem properties,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. if you have a complaint about an establishment in your neighborhood, you can call the nuisance bar hotline at (412) 323-7777. 26/10/2020 14:17:31 'no hunting' signs go up in frick park pittsburgh, pa (november 10, 2020) -- pittsburgh public safety and pittsburgh park rangers would like to inform visitors to frick park that ' posted - no hunting' signs have recently been erected at several key points on the property. a jewel in the city, frick park receives hundreds of visitors to its more than 600 acres each day. at this time of year, while deer and other wildlife are highly visible, it is imperative that visitors be able to use the park safely. "there are numerous children, bicyclists, pedestrians and pets within the parks and hunting of any kind could lead to tragic results. the departments of public safety and parks and recreation will enforce the city ordinance in an effort to protect park visitors," said public safety director wendell hissrich. interfering with wildlife in city parks is strictly prohibited. this includes hunting, trapping, feeding, and/or harvesting. pittsburgh park rangers have jurisdiction over all pittsburgh parks and are actively present in all five regional parks including emerald view, frick, highland, riverview, and schenley parks. you can find the municipal code of ordinances here:  10/11/2020 10:20:51 public safety statement on covid-19 spread pittsburgh public safety continues to combat covid-19, which is spreading rapidly across the county, commonwealth and country. as of this morning, nine pittsburgh bureau of police officers, nine pittsburgh firefighters and three members of pittsburgh ems are currently positive for the virus. multiple others have been placed in quarantine out of an abundance of caution in order to stop the spread, including about 100 police officers. “the number fluctuates daily, but understand that those who are in quarantine are not positive. they are off as a precaution,” public safety director wendell hissrich said tuesday. “all but one of the (positive) employees are recuperating at home. one was hospitalized, but has been improving daily. our thoughts are with everyone who has been affected.” public safety’s positive test rates remain significantly lower that what other major city first responders are experiencing. the low infection rates have allowed public safety to proactively quarantine everyone who was possibly exposed, and to maintain normal staffing levels. “when you call 911, rest assured you’re going to get the assistance you need,” hissrich said. “we’re going a step above what is required. our numbers have been so low that we can take these precautions. … we have to be cautious and we have to make sure our first responders have the equipment and the training they need to respond to every call.” several preventative steps are in place across all public safety bureaus, and have been since march, including: mandatory masks and social distancing, daily screenings upon entry to any public safety facility, and strict quarantine/isolation procedures. ems, fire and police officials meet daily via teams meetings with director hissrich and the city of pittsburgh’s medical director, dr. ronald roth, to discuss the pandemic. ems has reactivated a second specialized ems unit with enhanced decontamination capabilities and advanced ppe to respond to suspected covid cases. “we’re taking all the precautions we can,” hissrich said. “we’ve learned a lot over the last few months (and) we’re taking this very seriously 17/11/2020 14:13:22 public safety statement on a different new year's eve pittsburgh, pa (dec. 30, 2020) — as with nearly everything in this challenging and tumultuous year, pittsburgh’s new year’s eve celebrations will be different from years past. dec. 31 is traditionally a night that draws tens of thousands of people to the pittsburgh cultural trust’s highmark first night pittsburgh celebrations at venues throughout downtown. not this year. due to the pandemic, venues are closed, large gatherings are prohibited, fireworks have been cancelled and first night has transformed into a made-for-tv-only event. “i know that we all want—and absolutely deserve—to celebrate new year’s eve as we always do: with family and friends, with fireworks and with fanfare,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “that’s just not possible or responsible this year. better times are certainly ahead, but we must maintain our resolve now in order to see this pandemic through to the end.” hissrich re-issued his traditional new year’s eve message, with a caveat: celebrate responsibly—ideally at home—and do not engage in dangerous or illegal activities. such activities include shooting guns off in the air. what goes up will come down, and the results are tragic when people are hit by celebratory gunfire. just last year, a woman in texas was struck and killed by a descending bullet as she stood in her driveway to watch fireworks. there have been many other documented cases of celebratory gunfire killing innocent people. police will monitor and respond to shotspotter activations throughout the city. officers will arrest anyone caught discharging a firearm in public. as a reminder, city law prohibits the use of any fireworks, even those that are legal, within 150 feet of a structure. never drink and drive. officers will be actively looking for impaired motorists. lastly, please adhere to the governor’s health regulations regarding covid-19. wear a mask, social distance and do not attend gatherings with people from outside of your home. be safe, pittsburghers, as we rightfully banish 2020 to the ash heap of history and turn a hopeful eye to what might lie ahead. 30/12/2020 09:20:20 pittsburgh police, fbi, atf investigate two separate explosives incidents pittsburgh, pa (january 4, 2021) - last evening, pittsburgh police zone 2 officers, the fire investigation unit, and the bomb squad responded to two separate incidents involving explosives. the first incident that occurred in the 3600 block of penn avenue just after 9 p.m. involved an improvised explosive device (ied). a parked vehicle sustained damage to its undercarriage as a result of the blast. photographs of the suspect vehicle have been released to the media and public. in the second incident, in the 200 block of dinwiddie street, the bomb squad responded to reports of an explosion just after 10:30 p.m. this incident is now believed to have been caused by an aerial firework. there were no reports of injuries or damage. investigators do not believe these two incidents are related. pittsburgh police are working closely with their federal partners within the fbi and the atf. the investigation is still in its early stages and there are no suspects or arrests at this time. police continue to review all available camera footage and follow up on tips from the public. if you have any information regarding either of these incidents, please call (412) 323-7800 or 9-1-1. original incident details:  4/1/2021 15:46:02 public safety statement on possible protests pittsburgh, pa (jan. 9, 2021) -- the city of pittsburgh's public safety department is aware of social media rumors and media reports of possible actions and/or protests in the city in the days leading up to the presidential inauguration in washington d.c. "as is always the case, public safety is preparing with our law enforcement partners at the local, state and federal levels for any and all events in the city," public safety director wendell hissrich said. "while we cannot discuss specific preparations, i have personally been in regular contact with law enforcement in order to continuously monitor the situation and prepare. we will ensure public safety." in addition, if city officials determine that any city of pittsburgh employees participated in wednesday's deadly insurrection in the national's capital, appropriate disciplinary action will be taken. 9/1/2021 15:04:08 public safety statement ahead of presidential inauguration january 19, 2021 ( pittsburgh, pa) -- in light of the january 6 protest that devolved into a deadly riot inside the united states capitol in washington, d.c., towns and cities around the country have been taking proactive security measures ahead of the inauguration of president-elect joe biden on january 20, 2021. the pittsburgh bureau of police, in close partnership with its local and federal law enforcement partners, has been utilizing all intelligence-gathering methods in an effort to protect pittsburgh's residents and critical infrastructure. however, it is important for the public to know that to date there have been no credible threats to the city or its residents. police remain vigilant and the daily flow of information between the bureau and its partners will ensure that all levels of law enforcement are prepared for multiple contingencies. pittsburgh public safety urges all residents to report any suspicious activity by calling 9-1-1 in an effort to help keep pittsburgh safe not only this week, but at all times. 19/1/2021 09:42:17 pittsburgh bureau of police recruit class br20-01 graduates january 23, 2021 (pittsburgh, pa) -- pittsburgh bureau of police recruit class br20-01 graduated on friday, january 22, 2021. the class of 32 recruits, including seven women, experienced the challenge of completing their rigorous training safely during the covid-19 pandemic. the group was sworn in by police chief scott schubert, with remarks from public safety director wendell hissrich, in two separate groups at the training academy, masked and socially distanced. the recruits will begin 13 weeks of field training in their respective duty locations starting on monday, january 25. congratulations recruits and welcome to the pittsburgh bureau of police family! 23/1/2021 10:41:40 pittsburgh police to conduct impaired driving patrols/checkpoints on super bowl weekend february 5, 2021 (pittsburgh, pa) – this weekend, the pittsburgh bureau of police will participate in penndot’s western alliance/team dui program to set up sobriety checkpoints and conduct roving dui patrols across western pennsylvania on super bowl sunday. pittsburgh police will be running checkpoints and roving patrols throughout pittsburgh between the hours of 5 p.m. and 3 a.m. on february 7. these measures are in conjunction with the national highway traffic safety administration (nhtsa) and penndot’s impaired driving enforcement campaign for super bowl weekend. these are effective tools to help remove impaired drivers from our highways. the city of pittsburgh’s dui task force is committed to reducing the number of dui- related incidents to ensure safer roads for pittsburgh residents and visitors all year round. penndot’s western alliance / team dui program consists of the pittsburgh bureau of police, the pennsylvania state police, and numerous local police departments that conduct sobriety checkpoints and roving dui patrols across western pennsylvania. 4/2/2021 14:07:52 two women honored in council chambers for saving a stranger on the homestead grays bridge february 24, 2021 (pittsburgh, pa) -- on the morning of january 28 of this year, a series of unpredictable detours resulted in a mother and daughter from west mifflin driving over the homestead grays bridge and ultimately saving the life of a stranger. tanikka pinnix and layla gooden spotted a woman in distress, not wearing a coat, with one leg up on the bridge railing. they quickly pulled their vehicle over and managed to calmly convince the woman to come down to safety, all before emergency services personnel had arrived at the scene. today in council chambers, public safety director wendell hissrich, on behalf of mayor william peduto and city council, proclaimed wednesday, february 24, 2021 tanikka pinnix and layla gooden day, recognizing them as outstanding citizens who undoubtedly prevented a tragedy through their kindness and empathy. director hissrich was on the bridge that day, along with bureau of emergency medical services division chief richard linn and district chief justin sypolt, to witness the positive outcome, thanks to the selfless actions of ms. pinnix and ms. gooden. “i have responded to well over a dozen of these types of incidents and most don’t turn out well for the victim. it is comforting to know that by your work, that this one, this incident, even though it was a personal tragedy for the individual, that stranger that you saved continues to be able to live today and receive the help that she needs,” said director hissrich. ems district chief sypolt honored the women and thanked them on behalf of the public safety and ems bureaus. “i know that on that day you probably didn’t wake up thinking that today’s the day i’m going to change the world, but due to a series of unpredictable events, change the world you did. because of what you did that day, another person is walking amongst us. i am incredibly grateful to have been there with you both that day, and to be with you now.” upon being honored, ms. pinnix shared her thoughts. “we should remember the greatest commandment of all, which is to love one another. and when i saw the woman on the bridge that day, i saw my own child. i felt every emotion as though that were my own flesh and blood.” congratulations to tanikka pinnix and layla gooden for embodying the best of the city of pittsburgh! 24/2/2021 12:02:33 pittsburgh police and regional law enforcement partners address off-road vehicle use in urban centers march 2, 2021 (pittsburgh, pa) -- in 2020, the city of pittsburgh began witnessing large numbers of unlawful, off-road vehicles such as atv’s and dirt bikes riding recklessly on city streets, taking over roadways and intersections, driving on sidewalks and, in many cases, even driving the wrong direction. major cities across the country have also been experiencing the same issues associated with these illegal vehicles, sometimes with deadly consequences. last september in new york city, an atv rider was struck and killed by an suv when he drove into a crosswalk against a red light. two years ago another rider lost an eye during a collision. in pittsburgh last summer, a dirt bike rider driving in a bicycle lane on liberty avenue was injured when he clipped a turning vehicle and was thrown from his dirt bike onto the back of a parked car. participants in these so–called “flash mobs” or “ride-outs” are now taking their actions to alarming new heights in the city of pittsburgh, with as many as 50 to 200 riders roving through neighborhoods at any given time, disobeying traffic rules. just this past week in the city, police issued eight citations and towed two vehicles from a ride-out event. one of those citations stemmed from a traffic stop where a dirt-bike rider was driving the wrong way toward police on n. beatty street. these all-terrain vehicles are not designed to be driven on public roads and they pose a serious danger to the general public, law enforcement, and to the illegal riders themselves. “it is just a matter of time before this irresponsible behavior leads to a serious injury or death either of the rider, or to an innocent pedestrian or motorist in pittsburgh,” said public safety director, wendell hissrich. as a result, the pittsburgh bureau of police, in collaboration with its regional law enforcement partners, has devised a comprehensive operational plan to address this issue. the three-pronged response will focus on the following: education and community outreach law enforcement collaboration investigation and enforcement as part of the investigative process, the pittsburgh bureau of police and its law enforcement partners will utilize any available technology to stop these unauthorized vehicles from driving on city streets. “police want people to enjoy their atv’s and dirt bikes, but to do so in a legal and safe way. we cannot address this problem alone and we are asking for the public’s help to put an end to these dangerous and disruptive ride-outs in the city,” said pittsburgh police commander eric holmes. the pittsburgh bureau of police has created an email address for the public to provide information and tips to police. emails can be sent to: 412_tips@pittsburghpa.gov . as always, please dial 9-1-1 in an emergency. 25/2/2021 06:42:44 public safety holds promotions ceremonies for ems, fire pittsburgh, pa (march 4, 2021—the city of pittsburgh’s department of public safety held swearing-in and promotions ceremonies for the pittsburgh bureau of emergency medical services and the pittsburgh bureau of fire thursday afternoon at the david l. lawrence convention center. public safety director wendell hissrich administered the oaths at both ceremonies. “i congratulate you and i wish you the best of luck,” hissrich said. “i’d also like to thank the families for their continued support. you know what (first responders) go through day to day, and you’re always there for them.” for ems, matthew guerriero and daniel kerns were sworn in as emergency medical technicians, samson adams and michael gualdoni were sworn in as paramedics, and roxanne elk was promoted to paramedic. “i want to welcome all the family and friends of the paramedics and emts being sworn in today,” ems chief ron romano said. “i thank you for sharing them with us and for understanding when they miss a family event because they were helping someone else.” for fire, christopher aiello, james harkins, joseph kuntz and richard shay were promoted to the rank of captain. ralph browning, kari burnham, frank caputo, mark godlewski, garrett meade, matthew novotny, keith ott, adam robinson, guy scatena, patrick stack, philip thompson, d’lon walker and richard willett were promoted to the rank of lieutenant. “today we are recognizing people who put in a lot of time and effort to become officers in what i deem to be the best fire department in the world,” fire chief darryl jones said. “i know how well you are trained, i know how well you’re prepared to handle this, and i have the utmost faith that you can do the job.” lt. kari burnham, one of five women in the bureau, is now the highest-ranking female in the pittsburgh bureau of fire, and the first woman promoted to lt. since 1995. such ceremonies typically occur in council chambers at the city-county building. they were moved to the convention center to accommodate covid-19 safety measures. 4/3/2021 16:32:36 opioid overdose dashboard to address unsafe opioid use pittsburgh, pa (march 5, 2021)—the office of mayor william peduto, pittsburgh public safety and the office of community health and safety announce the creation of the opioid overdose dashboard , a public tool that will help form and guide policies and programs to more effectively address unsafe opioid use in the city of pittsburgh. the dashboard compiles pittsburgh bureau of ems data to map monthly opioid overdose calls and public safety’s response. data will include the number of people who overdose, neighborhood-level mapping, demographic information, and other statistics regarding care provided by on-scene first responders. "while this is a data-driven initiative, it's really about using all the resources at the city's disposal into giving our residents a helping hand. that means cross-department coordination, best practices in care and support, and now a dashboard to help guide our work as effectively as possible," mayor william peduto said. first responders, to include pittsburgh ems, fire and police, respond to drug overdoses and have saved many lives through their training and the use of narcan and cpr, public safety director wendell hissrich said. “and they will continue to save lives,” hissrich said. “but to more effectively address the root of the problem, everyone must join together. having more data will lead to a better understanding of the issues and, hopefully, actionable solutions.” in addition to the public dashboard, the office of community health and safety will issue weekly reports to city staff and partner organizations, including healthcare, public health, and harm reduction organizations, with the goal of coordinating an equitable public health-informed response to the overdose crisis. this data will also provide the office of community health and safety and its partners with a more complete picture of the impacted neighborhoods, allowing for direct engagement with community leaders who best understand the needs of their neighbors. “in response to the worsening crisis, the office of community health and safety is committed to utilizing insights gained from improved data analysis to inform progressive opioid overdose prevention strategies that seek to reduce harm associated with drug use, employ a person-first approach, and address social determinants of health,” said laura drogowski, office of community health and safety manager. within the office of community health and safety, this work will be led by the overdose prevention program coordinator in partnership with pittsburgh ems and the allegheny county health department’s cdc-funded overdose data to action program, which aims to strengthen local capacity to address overdoses across the county. the city of pittsburgh is among stakeholders partnering with achd through this county-wide program to monitor emerging trends to inform prevention activities that reduce harms associated with substance use. mayor peduto created the office of community health and safety in june with the goal of redirecting city resources to better meet community needs by housing social services, public health and social work experts who can assist first responders in situations that require longer-term assistance, harm reduction support and other services.  for more information on the office, click here . 5/3/2021 10:08:49 public safety statement on st. patrick's day celebrations pittsburgh, pa (march 12, 2021) — for a second consecutive year, st. patrick’s day celebrations in pittsburgh will be decidedly different and muted because of ongoing covid-19 safety measures. health officials continue to encourage pandemic protocols restricting large crowds and encouraging mask-wearing, social distancing and hand-washing. bar and restaurant occupancy restrictions will reduce crowd sizes at traditional holiday gathering spots, including the southside, north shore and downtown. the annual st. patrick’s day parade has been moved to the fall. while many people are understandably weary of pandemic restrictions, pittsburgh public safety urges continued vigilance, and promises a continued focus on keeping everyone safe and catching law-breakers. “now is not the time to let down our guard,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “covid-19 has forced us down a long and unwanted path, but this journey will near its end if—and only if—we maintain our discipline in fighting this virus.” as always, director hissrich announced a zero-tolerance policy for disruptive and illegal behavior, to include underage drinking, public intoxication and drinking and driving. pittsburgh police and partner law enforcement agencies will monitor crowds for any illegal activity, and dui patrols will actively seek anyone who drives under the influence. open container laws will be strictly enforced. while the state has allowed restaurants to sell cocktails-to-go during the pandemic, it is illegal for such beverages to be consumed in public spaces. please note that anyone caught with an open container will be cited. pittsburgh fire officials will conduct occupancy checks, and will clear and close any establishment that exceeds occupancy limits. law enforcement will also cite and arrest anyone caught illegally driving off-road vehicles on city streets. we ask the public to send tips on such illegal rides to 412_tips@pittsburghpa.gov . police will monitor city security cameras for illegal activity. officers on horseback, bicycles, motorcycles and foot patrols will also be utilized. lastly, public safety encourages anyone who chooses to go out to wear a mask, wash your hands and maintain social distancing. with more people getting vaccinated and practicing common sense precautions, life will return to normal. the time to celebrate publicly will come. but in the continued age of covid-19, public safety urges everyone to celebrate at home, avoid large crowds and—if you do go out—act responsibly. 11/3/2021 08:08:31 new firefighters are sworn in pittsburgh, pa (march 19, 2021)—the latest pittsburgh bureau of fire recruit class was sworn in during a ceremony friday morning at the fire academy on washington boulevard. “today, after 32-plus weeks, you have patches on your sleeve; you represent the pittsburgh bureau of fire,” fire chief darryl jones said. “a lot of pride comes with that. i appreciate that because i am also very proud to have the patches on my sleeve. “but there’s more than just pride. there’s responsibility. and there is privilege. you have the privilege to serve the people of pittsburgh—our residents, our visitors, our guests. that is a privilege.” mayor william peduto administered the oath to the 23 recruit graduates, who started their journey at the academy in april. public safety director wendell hissrich applauded the recruits' hard work, but also took time to acknowledge their families for the sacrifices they have and will make. “to the families, thank you very much for loaning us your loved ones,” public safety director wendell hissrich said. “they will have good days, they will have bad days. they will need your support. so in advance, thank you.” the class started and finished during a pandemic, which required patience and adjustments to how skills were taught. for example, a typical class has 32 recruits, but this one started with 24 and graduated 23. the smaller class was needed in order to comply with the governor’s covid-19 measures banning gatherings larger than 25 people. still, they endured. and on monday, they will begin their careers as pittsburgh firefighters. “it’s not a career that many people would be willing to do knowing the possibility of having to be in a situation where you’re valuing somebody else more than yourself—you’re willing to put yourself at risk in order to help someone else,” mayor peduto said. “it’s a job unlike other jobs. it’s a calling.” the graduation ceremony and a skills demonstration were livestreamed and can be found on the pittsburgh bureau of fire and pittsburgh public safety facebook pages. 19/3/2021 15:19:30 pittsburgh bureau of police holds promotions ceremony pittsburgh, pa (march 22, 2021) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police held a promotions ceremony on monday inside the mayor’s conference room at the city county building. detective james sherer and detective joseph simunovic were promoted to the rank of sergeant. “you are the ones out there day in, day out with the troops helping them be the best they can be,” said police chief scott schubert. “i have no doubt that you will be extremely successful in helping our officers.” public safety director wendell hissrich reminded the new sergeants of their increased responsibility and thanked them for their dedicated service. “the direction you provide your officers in the first five to ten minutes will very likely save lives,” said hissrich. “thank you for choosing pittsburgh for your career, and thank you for staying here." mayor william peduto addressed the officers before administering the oath of office. “when you put these stripes on your arms, they are more than just a promotion, they are a reflection of the young officers who are going to continue to be a part of this bureau,” mayor peduto said. “the examples you set are going to be the ones the younger officers follow." congratulations to the new pittsburgh bureau of police sergeants sherer and simunovic! 22/3/2021 14:59:13 city launches new victim assistance website pittsburgh, pa (march 25, 2021)—often overlooked in the criminal process are the victims, people whose lives are instantly altered through no choice of their own. the city of pittsburgh’s public safety department strives to help victims of crime through the office of victim assistance services, which connects victims to any type of service they might need, including crisis intervention, referrals, information and advocacy. “as a victim of crime, you’ve just experienced trauma, an unexpected trauma,” said victim services coordinator alexandra abboud. “at the flip of a switch, your whole life has changed—the way you see the world, the way you interact with the world, the way you lived your day to life has changed. and (victims) don’t know where to go and they don’t what to do. they need guidance to get them through this and to say, okay, what is our next step?” abboud checks crime reports daily to identify victims of crime, contact them and offer support. any other victims seeking resources can now find it on the city’s newly-launched victim assistance website , which provides contacts to the office and numerous other city and regional resources. “victims of crime experience trauma from the incident itself and trauma from the barriers encountered when accessing systems that were created to provide support and resources,” said shatara murphy, public safety assistant director, community affairs. “the victim assistance office is the support that families need, helping to eliminate some of those barriers and connect them to service providers and support. this isn’t just a warm hand off. the office is dedicated to the victim and their family and will be by their side throughout the process. when public safety director wendell hissrich created this office and asked me to manage it, we were clear that we didn’t just want to be another resource. we will serve as a partner to the community and we are committed to that partnership.” mayor william peduto said the effort is part of the city’s goal of helping all residents. "public safety provides many services but at the department's heart is one main goal, and that is to be there for people in need of help. having a coordinator in place whose sole job is providing assistance to victims is a major part of the city's efforts to give help to all, and especially those who are most vulnerable,” mayor peduto said. public safety director wendell hissrich said he is proud of the work of the victims assistance office, as it speaks to the city- and department-wide desire to put others first. “public safety is a dynamic department that doesn’t only include first responders who save lives daily in times of urgency and emergency,” hissrich said. “it also includes compassionate people who methodically consider the long-term needs of those who need help, and then take steps to provide it.” abboud, who started in her position on aug. 3, 2020, said her goal is to help victims throughout the process, which often means multiple follow-up contacts. “they need somebody to talk to, somebody to listen to them and say, ‘i’m here for you. i got you, i’m on your side. what are your needs? we’ll get through this together,” she said. for more information on the office of victim assistance services, please see this post on the public safety facebook page. 26/3/2021 09:34:04 test test 9/4/2021 11:26:56 pittsburgh bureau of police creates resource to address animal welfare concerns in response to recent incidents of concern in the city regarding animals and wildlife, the pittsburgh bureau of police is announcing a new resource for the public to address animal welfare complaints and concerns. the bureau has created a central email address where citizens and officers can send information or ask questions of its animal law team. the email address is: animal.law@pittsburghpa.gov. the messages will go directly to animal law team members within the pittsburgh bureau of police. “we want to ensure that no concerns regarding the welfare and safety of the city’s animal population go unaddressed,” says pittsburgh police lieutenant, julie stoops. from public safety director, wendell hissrich, "protecting pets and wildlife in our city is everyone's responsibility and reflects on who we are as pittsburghers. pittsburgh police want to make it easy for citizens to give a voice to the voiceless by reporting any issues of concern about their welfare and safety so they can be addressed." as always, all emergencies should be immediately reported to 9-1-1. 15/4/2021 11:24:53 pittsburgh police create resource to address animal welfare concerns in response to recent incidents of concern in the city regarding animals and wildlife, the pittsburgh bureau of police is announcing a new resource for the public to address animal welfare complaints and concerns. the bureau has created a central email address where citizens and officers can send information or ask questions of its animal law team. the email address is: animal.law@pittsburghpa.gov. the messages will go directly to animal law team members within the pittsburgh bureau of police. “we want to ensure that no concerns regarding the welfare and safety of the city’s animal population go unaddressed,” says pittsburgh police lieutenant, julie stoops. from public safety director, wendell hissrich, "protecting pets and wildlife in our city is everyone's responsibility and reflects on who we are as pittsburghers. pittsburgh police want to make it easy for citizens to give a voice to the voiceless by reporting any issues of concern about their welfare and safety so they can be addressed." as always, all emergencies should be immediately reported to 9-1-1. 15/4/2021 11:21:33 pittsburgh police address increase in violence in the city pittsburgh, pa (april 19, 2021) -- the recent surge in violent crime in the city of pittsburgh is causing concern and even fear among some residents. pittsburgh police share that concern, especially as many of the victims of these crimes have been young people. so far this year, there have been 20 homicides in the city and close to 50 non-fatal shootings, marking 80% and 90% increases respectively from the same time last year. pittsburgh is not alone in dealing with this, as the escalation of violent crime is currently a national phenomenon. "although this uptick in violence appears to be a trend across the country, this is not our city. this is not pittsburgh. the pittsburgh bureau of police will not allow this senseless loss of life to continue. our officers will work directly with the community to get to the root cause of these crimes and stop them from occurring," police chief scott schubert said. police have been taking a proactive approach to address the violence in the most affected neighborhoods. community resource officers (cros) and neighborhood resource officers (nros) from the community engagement office have been walking through several communities each week, speaking with residents and business owners, listening to concerns and sharing ideas about ways to make their communities safer. group violence intervention (gvi) outreach workers have also stepped up their presence. gvi is a partnership between law enforcement, outreach, social services and the faith community who mediate and interrupt violence. "public safety will ensure police have the investigative tools, technology, and resources they need at this time. but, more importantly, we encourage members of the public to come forward and share their ideas, concerns, and information with police. police can only solve crimes when everyone works together. that cooperation and collaboration is key," says public safety director, wendell hissrich. anyone with information about these violent crimes is asked to call pittsburgh police at (412) 323-7800. 18/4/2021 15:56:21 pittsburgh police chief scott schubert on the verdict in derek chauvin trial pittsburgh, pa (april 20, 2021) -- pittsburgh, and indeed the whole world, closely watched the trial of former minneapolis police officer, derek chauvin in wake of the in-custody death of george floyd on may 25, 2020. today, a jury found mr.chauvin guilty of second-degree murder, third-degree murder and manslaughter. "as police officers, we have a fundamental duty to care for and safeguard everyone and anyone in our custody. that did not occur. a man was deprived of his life, a family was deprived of their loved one, a community was deprived of their faith in the people who are entrusted to keep them safe," said police chief scott schubert. george floyd's death sparked some of the largest civil rights protests in decades and shone a spotlight on police accountability and reform. "the pittsburgh bureau of police recognizes that our legitimacy is highly dependent on the mutual trust and respect we have with the communities we serve. law enforcement is always evolving and the pittsburgh bureau of police remains steadfast in its commitment to working hand in hand with the public to implement professional law enforcement services that are fair, equitable, transparent and procedurally just to all members of the community," said schubert. 20/4/2021 20:18:25 pittsburgh bureau of police releases 2020 annual report pittsburgh, pa (april 27, 2021) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police has released its 2020 annual report. "as we know, 2020 was a challenging year on many levels, for our country, for our communities, and for law enforcement. between the global pandemic, civil unrest, calls for social justice reform and a tumultuous presidential election, it made for one of the most challenging years i've experienced in my 27 years as a member of the pbp. but every challenge provides an opportunity. i believe we have an opportunity now to reevaluate and reconfigure how we think and operate as an organization and profession. we embrace this opportunity," said pittsburgh police chief scott schubert. the report includes statistics compiled by the crime analysis unit on everything from the distribution of personnel based on rank, gender, and race, to information on arrests and citations, to crime statistics by neighborhood. chief schubert also acknowledged the bureau’s ongoing commitment to establishing strong ties with each and every community in the city, even walking a beat in all of pittsburgh's 90 neighborhoods and encouraging his officers to do the same. officers with the community engagement office, under the direction of chief schubert, are now literally following in his footsteps with weekly walks in different communities. "i am a firm believer in relational policing and the positive impact it has on our personnel and the community. we recognize that our legitimacy largely depends on a mutual trust and respect between police and the communities we serve. for that reason and others, the pbp will continue to implement relational policing into everything we do," said schubert. most importantly the pittsburgh bureau of police remains more committed than ever to providing transparency, building relationships and defining and scaling success within the bureau based on the doctrine of 21st century policing. “behind the numbers in this report are the hundreds of dedicated men and women who make up the pittsburgh bureau of police. their willingness to adapt and grow as a police force, build relationships in the community, make personal sacrifices, and their commitment to keeping pittsburgh safe, make me proud of the work they do each and every day,” said schubert. the full report can be found at:  27/4/2021 10:02:16 river rescue receives new police and paramedic boat pittsburgh, pa, (may 12, 2021) – pittsburgh public safety is pleased to announce a welcome addition to its river rescue unit with the launch of a new paramedic and police rescue boat. with 265 calls for service on the region’s rivers in 2020, river rescue’s life-saving reach will expand even further with the new boat’s state-of-the-art capabilities. “the advanced technology that the newest of the city’s river rescue craft provides will give police officers and ems personnel the best chance of helping anyone who experiences an emergency on our three rivers. special thanks to mayor peduto, council, the city’s equipment leasing authority, and the dedicated group of police officers and paramedic/divers for their work over the past 18 months to make this day a reality,” said public safety director, wendell hissrich. manufactured by lake assault in superior, wisconsin, the new boat will become the primary rescue vessel for river rescue, in addition to the sea ark boat that is currently in service. it’s equipped with two v8 yamaha 425 outboard motors, as well as several new or enhanced features such as: increased fire suppression capabilities, improved lighting, a windless anchor, docking assist for intricate maneuvering, and built-in sonar to provide more accurate search capability on the water. inside the cabin, forward and backward-trained cameras allow the operator to be more aware of what is happening on the deck and around the boat while maintaining navigation on the water. from ems division chief richard linn, operations chief for river rescue, "pittsburgh river rescue is comprised of men and women from the bureau of emergency medical services and the bureau of police who have received extensive training to keep everyone safe on our three rivers. this boat was designed by these professionals." some other key features include a bow gate which can be lowered to allow for more accessible shoreline work, such as loading and unloading equipment or personnel and built-in, improved flir (forward-looking infrared) for full night vision. the boat’s catamaran hull also provides more stability on the water. "our three rivers are one of the defining assets of the city of pittsburgh. we are proud of our river rescue team that brings together experts from the ems and police bureaus to ensure safety on our rivers is a priority. this team have been leaders throughout the state in setting standards for river safety and rescue and now they have a state-of-the-art boat equipped with the latest technologies to respond to all emergencies," said mayor william peduto. 12/3/2020 14:20:18 river rescue launches new paramedic and police boat pittsburgh, pa, (may 12, 2021) – pittsburgh public safety is pleased to announce a welcome addition to its river rescue unit with the launch of a new paramedic and police rescue boat. with 264 calls for service on the region’s rivers in 2020, river rescue’s life-saving reach will expand even further with the new boat’s state-of-the-art capabilities. “the advanced technology that the newest of the city’s river rescue craft provides will give police officers and ems personnel the best chance of helping anyone who experiences an emergency on our three rivers. special thanks to mayor peduto, council, the city’s equipment leasing authority, and the dedicated group of police officers and paramedic/divers for their work over the past 18 months to make this day a reality,” said public safety director, wendell hissrich. manufactured by lake assault in superior, wisconsin, the new boat will become the primary rescue vessel for river rescue, in addition to the sea ark boat that is currently in service. it’s equipped with two v8 yamaha 425 outboard motors, as well as several new or enhanced features such as: increased fire suppression capabilities, improved lighting, a windless anchor, docking assist for intricate maneuvering, and built-in sonar to provide more accurate search capability on the water. inside the cabin, forward and backward-trained cameras allow the operator to be more aware of what is happening on the deck and around the boat while maintaining navigation on the water. ems division chief richard linn, operations chief for river rescue says the new craft was constructed with the specific safety needs of the city and first responders in mind. "pittsburgh river rescue is comprised of men and women from the bureau of emergency medical services and the bureau of police who have received extensive training to keep everyone safe on our three rivers. this boat was designed by these professionals." some other key features include a bow gate which can be lowered to allow for more accessible shoreline work, such as loading and unloading equipment or personnel and built-in, improved flir (forward-looking infrared) for full night vision. the boat’s catamaran hull also provides more stability on the water. "our three rivers are one of the defining assets of the city of pittsburgh. we are proud of our river rescue team that brings together experts from the ems and police bureaus to ensure safety on our rivers is a priority. this team have been leaders throughout the state in setting standards for river safety and rescue and now they have a state-of-the-art boat equipped with the latest technologies to respond to all emergencies," said mayor william peduto. 12/5/2021 05:35:47 pittsburgh bureau of fire holds promotions ceremony pittsburgh, pa (may 27, 2021)—pittsburgh bureau of fire held a promotions ceremony in council chambers of the city-county building this afternoon. michael fuerst was promoted to battalion chief. three firefighters, gregory niedermeyer, james mccarthy, and michael fontana were promoted to the rank of captain. joseph welsh, benjamin sovyak, michael cowan, william frizzi, and richard franc, were pinned the newest lieutenants in the pittsburgh bureau of fire. “they know what is expected, they know the task that is ahead of them, and the responsibility they carry,” said fire chief darryl jones. “i have no doubt they are going to carry out their duties to the best of their abilities.” “they serve with integrity and selfless desire to protect others and aid our community we all love,” added public safety director wendell hissrich. “your bravery and strength are examples we should all strive to follow.” mayor william peduto addressed the firefighters before administering the oath of office. “in these special moments we get to promote those within the ranks to take on more responsibility,” mayor peduto said. “not just for them, but those they work with, and that’s what we are celebrating today.” congratulations to new pittsburgh bureau of fire battalion chief, captains, and lieutenants! 27/5/2021 14:28:59 public safety, domi, dpw clarify permit requirements for events and public space rentals as pandemic restrictions ease pittsburgh, pa, (june 2, 2021) – the covid-19 pandemic impacted lives and changed the way cities operate around the world in 2020. many of pittsburgh’s traditional and beloved events were either cancelled or postponed until 2021 and some of those planned activities continue to be disrupted. now, with several mitigation restrictions being eased across allegheny county and the commonwealth, pittsburgh public safety, the department of mobility and infrastructure (domi), and the department of public works (dpw), would like to remind residents of the city’s permit requirements for large and small events, temporary outdoor dining spaces, and park shelter rentals. block party permits: designed to allow neighbors the ability to close their street and celebrate their block, these permits cost $25 and are available through a simple online application. - block party permits are limited to residentially zoned streets and applicants must live on the block being closed. these permits are for weekends or holidays from 10am to 10pm. - the city’s open container law and certain noise ordinance laws are waived for block parties allowing citizens to gather and celebrate with their neighbors. applications for block party permits must be submitted at least seven (7) business days before the event. special event permits: these permits are for outdoor community and civic events that take place on public property. whether it’s a charity walk, competitive 5k, street festival, or concert in a park, these permits allow for larger outdoor public gatherings to take place on city property. - special event permits are available via an online application. permit applications must be submitted at least 14 business days in advance of the event date. - permits are $200 plus the cost of any contracted city services. for more information or to apply for block party permits and special event permits, please visit www.pittsburghpa.gov/events/eventapp during the pandemic, pittsburgh businesses and restaurants became more innovative than ever and the popularity of some new traditions is expected to continue into the summer. temporary outdoor dining & retail program: this program allows pittsburgh restaurants and other businesses to easily apply for temporary sidewalk cafe, parking lane cafe, full street closure, and curbside pick-up zone permits. this helps businesses and restaurants provide outdoor space and promote social distancing while pittsburgh slowly reopens and while businesses recover from the pandemic. as part of the program, businesses can apply for one or more of the following temporary permits: - sidewalk cafe permit to utilize existing sidewalk space in front of a business for retail or dining. - parking lane cafe permit to utilize the parking lane in front of a business for retail or dining. - full street closure permit to significantly change part of a street or a full street for outdoor walking, shopping, and dining. these permits are free through the end of 2021. obtaining a permit and working with city staff to create a site plan is important to ensure your outdoor cafe is safe for customers and the public space remains safe and accessible for all, including those who use wheelchairs, people with vision impairments, cyclists, and those pushing strollers. visit  for more information. park shelter and grove rentals: park shelters and picnic groves are available to the public for rent through october 10, 2021. park shelters are available for private events such as family picnics and reunions, graduation parties, and birthday parties. shelters and groves should be booked online at  and can be rented one-year in advance. requests for shelters made over the phone may take up to one week to process. 31/5/2021 13:00:00 city of pittsburgh department of public safety seeking stop the violence community investment fund administrator pittsburgh, pa (june 8, 2021) -- the city of pittsburgh department of public safety has released a request for proposals (rfp) for an administrator for its stop the violence community investment grant program. the program will ultimately fund community projects intended to reduce violence in the city. the administrator will assure that an orderly, efficient, and transparent selection process is conducted to select those projects most responsive to community needs.  the process of publicizing the opportunity, reviewing and selecting the fund recipients, and tracking results will be coordinated by the administrator under the direction of the department of public safety. “in order to receive the desired outcomes to reduce violence in this city, we have to invest in initiatives that advance quality of life. this grant program is just one of the many ways that the department of public safety will contribute to making that happen, said public safety director, wendell hissrich. public safety assistant director of community affairs, shatara murphy, will lead the project. “i’ve said this before; government does not have all the answers. we are fortunate to work with some amazing people who are truly concerned about the violence occurring across the city and want to do something about it, but they need access to resources to execute their ideas. i want to ensure that we are supportive and providing solutions, not creating barriers to resources. the selection of an administrator for this program will be vital to its success.” an initial investment of $1,000,000 will be made to support the program. the funds will come from the stop the violence trust fund, which was created by mayor peduto and city council in 2020.  the initiative was spearheaded by city councilmen daniel lavelle and reverend ricky burgess. “this rfp is a critical step in ultimately providing social services needed to reduce violence in our city. it is part of our attempt to reimagine public safety,” said reverend burgess. “this is just a start. we have a lot more to do, but i am committed to finding ways to provide resources to community organizations that want to interrupt the epidemic of violence plaguing our communities,” said councilman lavelle. in addition to assistant director murphy, jay gilmer, coordinator of the city’s stop the violence office, will provide support for this project. “ultimately, this fund has the potential to stimulate systemic change and assist community members in addressing the unique challenges they determine to be the forces driving violence, said gilmer.” "initiatives like this are just what we need to reimagine policing in pittsburgh, and to do what residents expect from their city — to keep them, their families and their neighborhoods safe," mayor william peduto said. potential applicants can view the opportunity here and search "stop the violence" in the search bar:  7/6/2021 16:14:12 pittsburgh bureau of fire partners with duquesne light company on hazardous materials safety training initiative pittsburgh, pa, (june 10, 2021) – june is national safety month and the pittsburgh bureau of fire is pleased to announce an exciting new partnership with duquesne light company (dlc) to provide our hazardous materials response team (hazmat) with an innovative training tool to learn safe containment of chemical and fuel spills from highway tank trailers. the pittsburgh bureau of fire replicates hazardous materials spills for hazmat technicians with a highway trailer training prop at its facility on washington boulevard. now, a critical assist from duquesne light's hydraulic service truck and mechanics, will help provide a “real-life” experience for first responders who encounter a tanker rollover emergency. “we are now able to position this prop to simulate a rollover of a tank or fuel trailer in transit. if a transportation emergency occurs, we can arrive and it’s in a variety of different configurations or positions. this one-of-a-kind training prop gives our team the opportunity to practice on a real-life, hands-on tool,” said pittsburgh bureau of fire assistant chief brian kokkila. “duquesne light is uniquely positioned with the equipment and expertise in hydraulic systems. we were able to ask for their help to power the hydraulic system and they really stepped up and helped us solve some challenges.” the simulator is set up with multiple different leak spots to ensure the hazmat team is presented with the most authentic scenarios to better prepare them for emergencies in the field. “when the pittsburgh bureau of fire approached us about this partnership, we jumped at the opportunity. we were honored that they came to us knowing we have the right skills and equipment to do the job safely and effectively. with the help of our mechanics and hydraulic service truck, we were able to successfully complete the rollover and enable the firefighters to begin their critical training. we’re grateful for the chance to support this effort and the positive impact it will have on the community, said chuck o’neill, dlc's transportation manager." the hazmat team responds to emergencies involving the release or potential release of hazardous material. it is a national incident management system (nims) type 2 - hazardous materials response team certified by the pennsylvania emergency management agency. “safety is always the top priority at dlc. with june being national safety month, it’s an ideal time to recognize our longstanding relationship with the city of pittsburgh and our efforts to keep our customers and the public safe. we look forward to growing this partnership in the future and reinforcing our commitment to maintaining a safe community," said kevin walker, chief operating officer, dlc. the city of pittsburgh hazardous materials response team was established in 1986 as a joint effort between the bureau of fire and the bureau of ems. the team is comprised of firefighters, paramedics and police officers. watch the video here:  26/5/2021 15:48:14 planned department of defense training being conducted in and around the pittsburgh area pittsburgh, pa ( june 11, 2021) – pittsburgh public safety would like to inform the public that the department of defense, in cooperation with local and state law enforcement, will be conducting training in and around the pittsburgh area from june 13 until june 19, 2021. this is a planned exercise and is not in response to any current world events. during this period, the public may see or hear low-flying aircraft over parts of southwestern pennsylvania, which is routine for this type of training. however, the exercise is expected to have minimal impact to the public. to maintain the highest level of safety, there are no public viewing or media opportunities. please contact the pittsburgh public safety public information office at pio@pittsburghpa.gov if you have any questions. 11/6/2021 16:18:34 pittsburgh police community engagement office events for the week of june 7 to 13 pittsburgh, pa, (june 14, 2021) -- community and neighborhood resource officers with the pittsburgh bureau of police community engagement office (ceo) continue fanning out across the city each week. officers meet with community members, hear concerns and ideas on how to minimize crime and violence, and form vital relationships with children and youth. unfortunately many of the planned walks and events were postponed due to more inclement weather than usual, but officers met with as many community members as possible during the week of june 7 to june 13. the weekly chess with cops meet-ups in market square are still going strong. in fact, the event's popularity has even reached out-of-state chess aficionados.  this past tuesday, the seguin family traveled from charlotte, nc, not only to visit relatives in shadyside, but also so their daughter sydney, age 7 and son baxter, age 5, could play chess with officers. turns out, much to officer washington's surprise, that baxter is a bit of a prodigy. wednesday was a ribbon-cutting ceremony officer shifren attended to open a new dek hockey rink in lincoln place. generous support from the pittsburgh penguins helped make the rink a reality. also on wednesday, ceo officers participated in a stop the violence prayer vigil at lighthouse cathedral with reverend porter. this event was hosted by south pittsburgh coalition for peace. and finally, thanks to a collaboration between community engagement officers and members of the mount washington community development corporation, some big improvements are planned for the shiloh parklet on shiloh street. the community engagement office welcomes all suggestions and opportunities to meet with its officers. please email sergeant tiffany kline-costa for more information: tiffany.kline-costa@pittsburghpa.gov 14/6/2021 11:21:49 pittsburgh bureau of fire receives plaque dedicated to line of duty deaths pittsburgh, pa. (june 16, 2021) – the pittsburgh bureau of fire held a ceremony this morning for firefighters who were lost in the line of duty. the pittsburgh veteran firefighter’s association dedicated a plaque for line of duty deaths. the first line of duty death was in 1871. “it is important this plaque be placed here,” said iaff local 1 president ralph sicuro. “this is where we all started our careers as a pittsburgh firefighter.” “today we honor the 134 men and women of pittsburgh fire who answered the ultimate call,” added fire chief darryl jones. “we celebrate their lives, and their memories.” “we do not gather here to mourn them, they have been mourned,” said veteran firefighter’s association member john gombita. “we come here to honor them, their character, bravery and their sacrifice.” the plaque will hang in the pittsburgh fire academy training center for current and recruit firefighters to observe. 16/6/2021 12:50:15 pittsburgh police community engagement office events for the week of june 14 through june 20 pittsburgh, pa, (june 18, 2021) -- it was another jam-packed week for pittsburgh police community engagement office (ceo) officers who visited several communities throughout the city. zone 3 officers aundre wright and christine luffey walked in carrick on monday, stopping on kirk avenue, near the location of a recent tragedy. a grateful resident shared photos of the officers with her grandson, a new american citizen recently arrived from mexico. he had never seen a police car up close and officers wright and luffey were more than happy to show him. on tuesday, there was the recurring chess with cops event in market square and on wednesday, chess with cops came to allegheny commons. now that school is out for the summer, chess clubs are filled with children and youth who take turns playing with the community engagement officers. zone 4 officers victoria butch and michael rosato walked through east liberty on wednesday, stopping in to home depot with pittsburgh police comfort dog, zane, so he could visit with the employees. officers walked in arlington on thursday and were joined by members of the arlington civic council. zone 2 acting commander matt lackner and ceo sergeant tiffany kline-costa attended a zone 2 public safety council meeting in the evening, sharing with hill community leaders and business owners about crime statistics and community engagement efforts in the area. they also fielded questions regarding mere encounters versus investigatory stops. there is a planned walk today, friday, in highland park, and officer david shifren and officer michael rosato will be bringing their chess boards to some of the juneteenth celebration locations this weekend for those who would like to play. the community engagement office welcomes all suggestions and opportunities to meet with its officers. please email ceo sergeant tiffany kline-costa for more information: tiffany.kline-costa@pittsburghpa.gov 18/6/2021 07:41:53 vice president of the united states kamala harris to visit pittsburgh on monday, june 21, 2021 pittsburgh, pa, (june 20, 2021) -- the vice president of the united states, kamala harris, will be visiting the city of pittsburgh on monday, june 21, 2021. in preparation for the vice presidential visit, public safety would like to inform residents that certain streets will be closed completely, while others will experience rolling closures as the motorcade moves around the city. motorists should expect delays and detours in some areas. e. carson street between s.28th street and sarah street will be shut down from approximately 12 p.m. until 4:30 p.m. "the public should pack a measure of patience, have an alternative route or routes in mind, and expect traffic delays as the vice president's motorcade travels through the city on monday," said pittsburgh bureau of police commander, eric holmes. public safety will inform residents via social media when the motorcade has passed and the streets have reopened. 20/6/2021 08:07:10 pittsburgh bureau of ems encourages safe swimming with youth life vest giveaway pittsburgh, pa (june 21, 2021)  -- members from the pittsburgh bureau of emergency medical services (ems), citiparks, and the office of community health and safety will be distributing youth-sized personal flotation devices (life vests) and safe swimming information packets to youth and parents at three of the city’s summer lunch grab-and-go locations on wednesday, june 23. the safe swim initiative, led by ems, aims to increase swimming and water safety throughout the city of pittsburgh. the initiative began last summer in response to the widespread closures of community pools due to the covid-19 pandemic, which increased the possibility of children and youth swimming in less-supervised settings, such as backyard pools or open water. according to the centers for disease control and prevention, after motor vehicle crashes, drowning is the second leading cause of unintentional injury death among children ages 1-14. there is an additional racial disparity, as black children ages 10-14 years drown at rates 7.6 times higher than other children. thanks to a donation of youth-sized personal flotation devices from allegheny health network and highmark, the initiative will provide the free life vests and educational materials to encourage children and parents to adopt safe swimming practices this summer. the life vests will be available at the mellon, beechview, and troy hill spray parks from 9:30 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. and will be distributed on a first-come, first-served basis. 21/6/2021 11:06:19 fireworks task force begins enforcement initiative pittsburgh, pa (june 22, 2021) – it’s no secret that pittsburghers love their fireworks. from pirates games to independence day at point state park, elaborate fireworks displays are a time worn tradition in the city. consumer-grade fireworks became legal to purchase in pennsylvania in october 2017, resulting in a sharp annual increase in fireworks-related calls for service in the city of pittsburgh. last year, private use of fireworks in pittsburgh resulted in seven structure fires, several brush fires, reported injuries, and multiple noise complaints. the fireworks task force handed out 22 citations. beginning tonight, june 22, the fireworks task force (ftf) will be out in all zones beginning at 7 p.m. until 2 a.m. every night until july 5. although fireworks may now be legal to purchase, it is not legal to discharge them within 150 feet of a structure. they are also not permitted for use in any city park, ball field, or any city-owned property. when fireworks task force members and uniformed police officers respond to initial fireworks-related complaints they will explain the laws and regulations governing consumer fireworks in the city. subsequent calls to the same address could result in a $100 citation and confiscation of the fireworks. “the use of fireworks in the city can result in serious injuries and destruction of properties, as well as being very disruptive and unnerving for both people and pets,” said public safety director, wendell hissrich. “that’s why this year, in a concerted effort to keep everyone safe, we will also be utilizing the city’s shotspotter system to help track illegal fireworks use.” the fireworks task force is comprised of eight members from the pittsburgh bureau of police and the pittsburgh bureau of fire. 22/6/2021 17:27:10 pittsburgh police to conduct abandoned vehicle blitz in homewood on wednesday, june 23 pittsburgh, pa (june 22, 2021) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police will be conducting another blitz on abandoned vehicles in the city. on wednesday, june 23, motorcycle units and abandoned vehicle officers from multiple police zones will focus on citizen complaints regarding abandoned vehicles in the homewood neighborhood beginning at 10 a.m. the first blitz at the end of april focused on the allentown, beltzhoover, carrick, arlington heights and knoxville neighborhoods. police investigated 124 complaints and towed 17 vehicles. police will repeat the blitzes throughout the city in the coming weeks and months to clear as many 311 complaints as possible. residents may report abandoned vehicles to the 311 response center by calling 311, 412-255-2621, or by filing an online 311 request form . 21/6/2021 16:58:19 pittsburgh police, atf, community partners, and families of victims address spike in gun violence in pittsburgh (pittsburgh, pa) --  the pittsburgh bureau of police today addressed the marked escalation in the number of homicides and non-fatal shooting incidents in the city of pittsburgh this year. public safety director wendell hissrich, members of police command staff, gun violence intervention (gvi), representatives from the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives (atf), community outreach members, and families of gun violence victims gathered at the center for victims on e. carson street. year-to-date there have been 31 homicides, compared with 20 homicides at the same time in 2020. there have been 76 non-fatal shootings since january. "i'm tired of going out to scenes and seeing families and communities grieving," said director hissrich. "it's going to be a long fight and it's going to be a a very hard summer for us, but i'm sure with the help of our communities and our partners, that we'll end what we're facing." pittsburgh police chief scott schubert made an impassioned plea for the violence to stop, referencing recent cases of homicides and non-fatal shootings involving young people, including a teenager shot multiple times and killed just steps from his family home, and a six-year-old girl shot and wounded in a car. “there's so many guns on the street. no community, no zone in the city of pittsburgh is immune. we're losing our loved ones to the senseless violence," said chief schubert. "this stuff has got to stop. we're going to use every partner we have to make sure that happens and we're going to work as a team. but i implore you, we need the community to help us. we cannot do this alone. we have to do it together." matthew varisco, atf special agent in charge from the philadelphia field division, provided a snapshot of the guns used in crimes in pittsburgh. "of the firearms that were recovered and traced, the vast majority were pistols and they were recovered unfortunately from felons, " said varisco. he added that approximately 75% of those firearms were purchased in the commonwealth of pennsylvania and that pittsburgh police are on pace to recover as many as 800 firearms this year. the atf is creating a firearms trafficking unit in pittsburgh, assigning two of its agents to work with pittsburgh police to help stem the flow of illegal guns in the city and reduce gun violence. assistant chief of police lavonnie bickerstaff pointed to some of the challenges the covid-19 pandemic posed in trying to support and provide resources to young people and keep them from resolving disputes with firearms. "during the pandemic, our violence prevention strategy, which has proven to be successful over the last four to five years, has been hampered to a degree because of our inability to have face-to- face contact with our young people. we were restricted from our custom notifications, we were restricted from hospital visits after shootings. we did not have the support and the mediation that we normally have from our coaches, from our teachers that help to calm down disputes before people pick up a gun and, of course, our recreation centers were closed," bickerstaff said, adding that police and community outreach workers had to retool their supportive efforts and find healthy ways to provide resources to the neighborhoods they serve. valerie dixon and preeti tuli, two mothers who lost their sons to gun violence twenty years apart, spoke about the lasting pain and the trauma caused by gun violence. tuli's 18-year-old son ahmir was murdered in february outside of her strip district business. "he was a good kid. he didn't deserve it. none of these kids do," said tuli. "we really need to come together. people need to start talking. there's tip lines. you can remain anonymous." valerie dixon's son robert was shot and killed on friday, june 25, 2001 in lincoln-lemington. "twenty years later that pain is still the same. twenty years later my friends now are people who are interrupters. people who want to stop the violence, people who work with victims. i have a whole new set of friends who have helped me heal over the years because the pain never goes," said dixon. pittsburgh police are increasing patrols in active areas and will continue focusing on deterrence measures in an effort to curb gun violence. anyone with information about a violent crime is urged to call pittsburgh police at (412) 323-7800. 24/6/2021 15:37:31 pittsburgh police community engagement office events for the week of june 21 to june 27 pittsburgh, pa (june 25, 2021) -- community resource and neighborhood resource officers with the pittsburgh police community engagement office (ceo) had a full week of events and activities. on monday, officers, along with some members of police command staff, were invited to allegheny general hospital to receive a generous donation of about 200 bicycle helmets. ceo officers will have them on hand to give out to cyclists who need them. on tuesday, the weekly market square chess with cops event was blessed with beautiful weather that attracted even more young players than usual. officers also helped with a food distribution event at the most holy name of jesus parish in troy hill, and finished the day with a community walk through the allentown neighborhood. chess continued on wednesday with the queens gambit meet up in allegheny commons. on thursday, following a violent crime on bedford avenue that morning, community engagement officers did a group walk in the hill district to speak with residents and listen to their concerns. officers rounded out the week with a walk in east carnegie on friday morning where they met and spoke with some residents and the contractor giving them an estimate on a new roof! the community engagement office welcomes all suggestions and opportunities to meet with its officers. please email ceo sergeant tiffany kline-costa for more information: tiffany.kline-costa@pittsburghpa.gov 25/6/2021 07:50:19 a message from pittsburgh public safety ahead of the fourth of july celebrations pittsburgh, pa (july 1, 2021) --- after muted independence day celebrations in the city last year due to the covid-19 pandemic, pittsburgh is set to mark the fourth of july with fanfare this coming weekend. the city-sponsored fireworks display is back with the city of pittsburgh’s 2021 independence day celebration in point state park on sunday, july 4. the celebration and activities leading up to the main event are sure to draw large crowds to the downtown core. in preparation, pittsburgh police are working with their local law enforcement partners, community engagement officers, and community outreach members in an effort to keep everyone safe this holiday. “we expect this to be one of the busiest nights of the year with people eager to celebrate after a challenging time. we are all looking forward to getting back to some semblance of normalcy, but public safety’s primary focus will always be to protect residents and visitors so they can safely enjoy independence day with their families and friends,” said public safety director wendell hissrich. "schubert quote??" “to that end, there will be increased lighting in key locations downtown. pittsburgh police and allegheny county mounted units will be in place to ensure crowds keep moving so there are clear ingress and egress points for first responders to reach people should an emergency occur.” state police will also be paying close attention to the fort pitt and fort duquesne bridges which are popular vantage points to watch the fireworks display. for everyone’s safety, police will ensure vehicle traffic keeps flowing on the bridge decks. motorcycle medics with the pittsburgh bureau of ems will be operating at various points downtown to more easily reach and treat patients in crowded areas. traditional medic units will also stage near key fireworks viewing points on mount washington, the north side, and downtown. one of the things they will be watching out for is heat-related ailments. temperatures are forecast to be in the high 70’s with high humidity and a 40% chance of precipitation on independence day. dr. donald yealy, chief medical officer with upmc, says the most important thing to remember is that everyone’s body is a heat generator and we have to learn how to dissipate, or get rid of heat. “things that either increase the amount of heat we are making or decrease our ability to get rid of the heat will put us at risk for having a complication, whether that is heat exhaustion or heat stroke,” says yealy. “we become dehydrated from not drinking enough fluids or drinking the wrong fluids… alcohol is the wrong fluid as it goes out quickly. certain medications can make us prone to either dehydration or less responsive to heat stresses. those are things that either make us lose fluids or impair our ability to respond to heat.” public safety director wendell hissrich would like to remind people of another hot weather danger. “forgetting children in the back of hot vehicles is more common than most people might imagine and the results can be tragic. leaving a window open even a crack is not enough. temperatures inside a vehicle can rise by 20 degrees within 10 minutes even with a window open, putting children at risk for heat stroke and even death. the same is true for pets. please remember to look before you lock,” hissrich said. due to a dramatic surge in fireworks complaints last year, public safety formed a fireworks taskforce to patrol city neighborhoods and respond to complaints of those using fireworks illegally. the fireworks taskforce will continue its nightly enforcement efforts until july 5. "chief jones quote???" “the challenge about using even consumer-grade fireworks is that they are miniature explosives or flame-inducing events. so, you have the risk of not only the blast injury, but also of heat injuries and with the case of sparklers, the flecks that come from this. so people have to be careful because often fireworks are being used in a celebratory setting, which means there sometimes alcohol or other forms of impaired judgment. that just multiplies the risk. these things can kill you. they can hurt your fingers or extremities. they can hurt people nearby and even occasionally, there’s ocular injuries from the explosion or sediment out there. every year we see someone with a  serious injury due to mishandling of fireworks.” and finally, dr. yealy would like to remind people that the pandemic is not over. even though the activities are primarily outdoors, the virus still poses a risk to those who are not inoculated with one of cdc-approved covid-19 vaccines. “this will always involve a certain amount of congregation. that’s what people do during holidays. if you’re fully vaccinated, that’s not a concern. but if you’re not, please wear that mask. the covid-19 virus is still here with us,” says yealy. for more information on the city of pittsburgh independence day celebration:  for more information on the fireworks task force, follow this link to the press release:  29/6/2021 17:11:35 pittsburgh police enhance safety and security measures in the south side business district pittsburgh, pa (july 1, 2021) --- as covid-19 mitigation measures continue to be lifted and businesses are back to full occupancy, large numbers of young people have returned to the south side on the weekends and evenings to patronize the area's many bars and restaurants. on east carson street, the increased volume of people has resulted in nearly impassable sidewalks, pedestrians flowing into the road amid traffic, and parked vehicles blocking safety lanes. there have also been fistfights, pedestrians struck by vehicles, and incidents of gun violence. “while we are glad that pittsburgh is returning to some semblance of normalcy since the height of the pandemic, the situation on the south side has become dangerous and untenable,” said public safety director, wendell hissrich. “first responder vehicles must have access to east carson in case of an emergency and overcrowded sidewalks pose hazards to pedestrians who then spill onto the streets and into vehicle traffic. without changes, someone is going to get seriously hurt or killed.” in response, beginning friday, july 2, 2021 and going forward, pittsburgh police will first be issuing warnings and then citations to those who obstruct public passageways. if violators fail to comply, there may be physical arrests. the citations could carry penalties of up to $300, plus court costs. police motorcycle and bicycle units will also be in place to enforce parking. all vehicles in violation of the posted measures will be towed. public safety encourages everyone to celebrate safely on the south side, and throughout the city of pittsburgh, and we wish you a happy and safe fourth of july holiday weekend. 1/7/2021 13:04:25 a message from pittsburgh public safety ahead of fourth of july celebrations pittsburgh, pa (july 2, 2021) --- after muted independence day celebrations in the city last year due to the covid-19 pandemic, pittsburgh is set to mark the fourth of july with fanfare this coming weekend. the city-sponsored fireworks display is back with the city of pittsburgh’s 2021 independence day celebration in point state park on sunday, july 4. the family-friendly celebration and activities leading up to the main event are sure to draw large crowds to the downtown core. in preparation, pittsburgh police, allegheny county police, pennsylvania state police, port authority police, pittsburgh police community engagement officers, and the street outreach team will be working together to keep everyone safe this holiday weekend. “we expect this to be one of the busiest nights of the year with people eager to gather together after a challenging time. we are all looking forward to celebrating in true pittsburgh style with a grand fireworks display, but public safety’s primary focus will always be to protect residents and visitors so they can safely enjoy independence day with their families and friends,” said public safety director wendell hissrich. “to that end, there will be more than a dozen mobile light towers at key locations to increase visibility downtown. the pittsburgh police, pa state police, and allegheny county mounted units will be activated to ensure crowds keep moving, allowing first responders to reach people should an emergency occur.” the city of pittsburgh and pittsburgh police will not allow violence and unruly revelers to ruin what should be a safe event. fights and violence of any kind will not be tolerated. point state park rangers and pittsburgh police will be doing light bag screenings at the park’s entrances. the list of prohibited items can be found on the event website:  the fireworks are scheduled to end at 10 p.m. and police will be working closely with port authority personnel to move people out of the downtown core as quickly as possible to decrease some of the past problems related to overcrowding in some areas at the end of the evening. riders are strongly encouraged to check schedules in advance as some bus and rail routes do not operate, and most service ends early, on sundays. schedules can be found at www.portauthority.org/all-schedules . bridges are often popular vantage points for vehicles to stop and watch the fireworks. a pennsylvania state police helicopter will monitor from overhead to ensure traffic keeps flowing on the bridge decks, reducing congestion and the possibility for collisions. two river rescue boats with pittsburgh ems, police, and fire personnel on board will be out on the rivers. the pittsburgh bureau of fire boat will also be on the water with three firefighters. it should also be noted that the pennsylvania department of conservation and natural resources will close the point state park wharves to boat mooring on the allegheny and monongahela rivers on sunday, july 4. motorcycle medic units with the pittsburgh bureau of ems will be operating near the various viewing points in the city to more easily reach and treat patients in crowded areas. traditional medic units will also stage near key fireworks viewing points on mount washington, the north side, and downtown. one of the things they will be watching out for is heat-related ailments. temperatures are forecast to be in the 80’s with mostly sunny skies on independence day. dr. donald yealy, chief medical officer with upmc, says the most important thing to remember is that everyone’s body is a heat generator and we have to learn how to dissipate, or get rid of heat. “things that either increase the amount of heat we are making or decrease our ability to get rid of the heat will put us at risk for having a complication, whether that is heat exhaustion or heat stroke,” says yealy. “we become dehydrated from not drinking enough fluids or drinking the wrong fluids…alcohol is the wrong fluid as it goes out quickly. certain medications can make us prone to either dehydration or less responsive to heat stresses. those are things that either make us lose fluids or impair our ability to respond to heat.” the public safety director would also like to remind people of the dangers that consumer grade fireworks pose. “although sales of consumer fireworks are legal, they remain a fire hazard and a safety concern. as a reminder, fireworks are not allowed in point state park or any city park. in addition, the use of any fireworks, even those that are legal, are prohibited within 150 feet of any structure,” said hissrich. “and please, remember your pets. fireworks can startle pets, which are more sensitive to loud noises and flashing lights, sometimes causing them to run away or hide.” in an effort to curb the illegal use of fireworks, the fireworks task force will continue with its enforcement efforts until july 5. and finally, although the situation has vastly improved, the pandemic is not over. those who are not vaccinated are strongly encouraged to wear a mask. even though sunday's activities are primarily outdoors, the virus still poses a risk to those who are not inoculated with one of cdc-approved, covid-19 vaccines. “this weekend will always involve a certain amount of congregation. that’s what people do during holidays. if you’re fully vaccinated, that’s not a concern. but if you’re not, please wear that mask. the covid-19 virus is still here with us,” says dr. yealy. from all of us at public safety, we wish you a happy and safe fourth of july holiday weekend! 2/7/2021 13:58:16 a message from pittsburgh public safety ahead of fourth of july celebrations pittsburgh, pa (july 2, 2021) --- after muted independence day celebrations in the city last year due to the covid-19 pandemic, pittsburgh is set to mark the fourth of july with fanfare this coming weekend. the city-sponsored fireworks display is back with the city of pittsburgh’s 2021 independence day celebration in point state park on sunday, july 4. the celebration and activities leading up to the main event are sure to draw large crowds to the downtown core. in preparation, pittsburgh police are working with their local law enforcement partners, community engagement officers, and street outreach team in an effort to keep everyone safe this holiday weekend. “we expect this to be one of the busiest nights of the year with people eager to celebrate after a challenging time. we are all looking forward to celebrating  in true pittsburgh style with a grand fireworks display, but public safety’s primary focus will always be to protect residents and visitors so they can safely enjoy independence day with their families and friends,” said public safety director wendell hissrich. “to that end, there will be 15 mobile light towers at key locations to increase visibility downtown. pittsburgh police and allegheny county mounted units will be activated to ensure crowds keep moving, allowing first responders to reach people should an emergency occur.” the city of pittsburgh and pittsburgh police will not allow violence and unruly revelers to ruin what should be a safe event. fights and violence of any kind will not be tolerated. the fireworks are scheduled to end at precisely 10 p.m. and police will be working closely with port authority personnel to move people out of the downtown core as quickly as possible to decrease some of the past problems related to overcrowding in some areas at the end of the evening. riders are strongly encouraged to check schedules in advance as some bus and rail routes do on operate, and most service ends early, on sundays. schedules can be found at www.portauthority bridges are often popular vantage points for vehicles to stop and watch the fireworks. a pennsylvania state police helicopter will monitor from overhead to ensure traffic keeps flowing on the bridge decks. a motorcycle medic with the pittsburgh bureau of ems will be operating at various points downtown to more easily reach and treat patients in crowded areas. traditional medic units will also stage near key fireworks viewing points on mount washington, the north side, and downtown. one of the things they will be watching out for is heat-related ailments. temperatures are forecast to be in the 80’s with mostly sunny skies on independence day. dr. donald yealy, chief medical officer with upmc, says the most important thing to remember is that everyone’s body is a heat generator and we have to learn how to dissipate, or get rid of heat. “things that either increase the amount of heat we are making or decrease our ability to get rid of the heat will put us at risk for having a complication, whether that is heat exhaustion or heat stroke,” says yealy. “we become dehydrated from not drinking enough fluids or drinking the wrong fluids… alcohol is the wrong fluid as it goes out quickly. certain medications can make us prone to either dehydration or less responsive to heat stresses. those are things that either make us lose fluids or impair our ability to respond to heat.” public safety director wendell hissrich would like to remind people of another hot weather danger. “forgetting children in the back of hot vehicles is more common than most people might imagine and the results can be tragic. leaving a window open even a crack is not enough. temperatures inside a vehicle can rise by 20 degrees within 10 minutes eve nwith a window open, putting children at risk for heat stroke and even death. the same is true for pets. please remember to look before you lock,” hissrich said. and finally, although the situation has vastly improved, the pandemic is not over. those who are not vaccinated are strongly encouraged to wear a mask. even though the activities are primarily outdoors, the virus still poses a risk to those who are not inoculated with one of cdc-approved covid-19 vaccines. “this will always involve a certain amount of congregation. that’s what people do during holidays. if you’re fully vaccinated, that’s not a concern. but if you’re not, please wear that mask. the covid-19 virus is still here with us,” says yealy. from everyone at public safety, please enjoy this independence for more information on the city of pittsburgh independence day celebration:  for more information on the fireworks task force, follow this link to the press release:  1/7/2021 16:20:21 pittsburgh police community engagement office events for the week of july 5 to july 11 pittsburgh, pa, (july 9, 2021) – community resource and neighborhood resource officers with the community engagement office (ceo) kicked off the shortened week on tuesday with a visit to yeshiva girls school in squirrel hill. the children had a great time exploring officer rosato’s cruiser. also on tuesday, it was the ever-growing chess with cops event in market square downtown. even the 90-plus degree heat and high humidity couldn’t keep the regular players away, while officers also welcomed some new faces. on wednesday, sergeant tiffany kline-costa was the first of the ceo officers to read to children in what will be a weekly citiparks and public safety event; summer storytime in the park in ormsby park on the south side. it runs until august 11, weather permitting. next week, officer victoria butch will be reading and police comfort dog zane will be along for the ride. also on wednesday, officers washington, bradford, maggio and blair braved the heat to walk, play, and then find some much-needed shade with the kids from the hope 4 tomorrow day camp in windgap, while zone 1 cros spent time with youth at both john morrow school and manchester academy school summer camps. on thursday, ceo officers engaged with people during the market square farmer’s market downtown and visited with children and youth at the ozanam summer sports league on the north side. community engagement welcomed two young people from the learn and earn program who will spend the summer months learning about police, community and police interactions, and how to engage communities in public safety. and finally, on the fourth of july, and into the early hours on monday, the community engagement office cros and nros partnered with the group violence intervention team and mad dads to help promote a sense of security and safety in the downtown corridor during independence day events. 9/7/2021 08:00:06 pittsburgh police community engagement office events for the week of july 12 to july 18 pittsburgh, pa (july 16, 2021) – for community resource and neighborhood resource officers with the community engagement office, (ceo), it was another week filled with activities, walks, interviews, and events. on monday, officers visited with hope 4 tomorrow and voices against violence summer camps where they played various games outdoors and tried homemade ice cream crafted by the children and youth. at noon on tuesday, the weekly chess with cops event in market square piqued the interest of a family visiting from russia. they shared that they were surprised and impressed to see police officers interacting with community members in such a friendly, positive manner. one family member, vladmir, took advantage of the opportunity and played an impromptu game with officer shifren. also on tuesday, officers walked in the hill district with an emphasis on perry street. they stopped by embroidery vector solutions on centre avenue to speak with the business owner, doug, and take a photo with him. on wednesday, officer butch read to children at summer storytime in the park, while pittsburgh police comfort dog zane did the entertaining. join officer maggio next wednesday at 10 a.m. in ormsby park when he reads the book, lion lessons. also on wednesday, kdka's kym gable interviewed ceo sergeant tiffany kline-costa and lillie leonardi about leonardi's books bridge hope/ box of goodness partnership with pittsburgh police. the initiative aims to deliver essential items to pittsburgh's unsheltered community. ceo officers keep the boxes in their vehicles to hand out to those who need them. on thursday, officers joined acting zone 2 commander matt lackner at 7th street and penn avenue downtown to address concerns about ongoing drug use and overdoses in katz plaza. they spoke with an area security guard and residents about possible solutions, and also walked the surrounding streets speaking with business owners. while at katz plaza, officers met andrew and his mother who were visiting the city from mars, pa. officer payton deputized andrew with a sticker recognizing him as a "junior police officer," while officer maggio donned his sunglasses just like andrew so they could pose for a photo together. and finally, on friday ceo officers will accompany hope 4 tomorrow summer camp teens on a college and workforce development-centered field trip, the first of four such trips planned for them this summer. 16/7/2021 10:27:46 pittsburgh bureau of fire holds promotions ceremony for three firefighters. pittsburgh, pa (july 22, 2021)—pittsburgh bureau of fire held a promotions ceremony in the mayor’s conference room this afternoon. joshua kuzma was promoted to battalion chief. two firefighters, john gallagher and eric smith, were promoted to the rank of fire lieutenant. “it is one of the great days in the pittsburgh bureau of fire,” said fire chief darryl jones. “graduation from the academy and promotion days are always great days.” “it is important as we bring on new fire recruits, that you continue to provide leadership,” added public safety director wendell hissrich. “this will ensure that someday they are in the same position as you are in today.” mayor william peduto addressed the firefighters before administering the oath of office. “i am grateful, and it’s been an honor to recognize the work individuals do,” mayor peduto said. “to be able to promote them on one thing, merit, is what they will remember forever.” congratulations to new pittsburgh bureau of fire battalion chief, and lieutenants! 22/7/2021 15:55:42 the department of public safety releases vehicle traffic adjustments for carson street pittsburgh, pa (july 28, 2021) – the department of public safety, in coordination with the pennsylvania department of transportation (penndot), is announcing adjustments to traffic patterns in the busy south side business corridor on weekend evenings. as pandemic restrictions have eased, the increased volume of visitors to east carson street has created serious concerns such as increased gun violence, overcrowded sidewalks and streets, traffic safety obstacles, and noise complaints. in response, the city of pittsburgh public safety is implementing the following changes as a pilot project: - between the hours of 7 p.m. until 4 a.m. on fridays and saturdays, vehicle traffic will be allowed outbound only on e. carson street between s.10th and s.18th streets. - side streets from s.11th to s.17th inclusive will be closed to traffic. vehicles will be diverted around those streets via either muriel street or sarah street. only valid residential permit holders will be allowed to enter these areas - only emergency vehicles and port authority buses will be allowed to travel in both directions on e. carson - ride-sharing services such as uber and lyft will not be permitted on east carson street between s.10th and s.18th streets. passengers must arrange pick-up and drop-off points in advance, utilizing one of the open side streets - parking and deliveries will be prohibited on either side of e. carson street between 7 p.m. and 4 a.m. - pittsburgh bureau of police officers will be posted in key areas to ensure the safe flow of traffic - during this pilot period, penndot is working closely with the city of pittsburgh to halt overnight work in connection with its east carson street improvement project these changes will be in place for the foreseeable future in an effort to mitigate gridlock, allow for a dedicated emergency vehicle corridor, and create a safer, more pleasant experience for residents and visitors to the south side. “public safety recognizes that these traffic shifts will be an adjustment to those who live in or frequent the south side. our personnel will be working closely with businesses and community groups to ensure a seamless transition. we appreciate everyone’s cooperation and patience during this time,” said public safety director, wendell hissrich. 28/7/2021 13:38:38 pittsburgh police community engagement office events for the week of july 24 to july 30 pittsburgh, pa (july 30, 2021) -- community resource and neighborhood resource officers with the community engagement office (ceo) continued to make a difference in city neighborhoods this week. they have been busy with walks in the beltzhoover, chartiers city, deutschtown, and downtown neighborhoods. officers shelton and wright spent a lot of time this week at voices against violence summer camp and southside bears football practices talking with youth and parents. the neighborhood resiliency project’s trauma van also made an appearance at the camp. officer shifren was the featured reader at the wednesday morning story time in ormsby park. when he arrived, shifren realized the book he brought was not right for the audience. the book was intended for kindergarteners, and this group were pre-teens. so instead, officer shifren got out his box of chess sets and the games began! ceo officers bradford, maggio, and blair focused on helping campers at h.o.p.e 4 tomorrow with math work.  zone 6 officers hosted “pizza with the police” at brookline teen outreach center. officers are getting to know local youth and continue working to build trust. zone 4 officer, vicky butch along with zane and other sports enthusiast police officers rallied at magee rec center to challenge the campers to a game of kickball. officers washington and crawford visited with community garden day, sponsored by duolingo in garfield. zone 1 officers, wright and payton attended jamal woodson and slaam cares basketball community picnic. the event focused on passing out toothbrushes, soap, shampoo, snacks, and personal care items to those in need. officers visited the sue murray pool during a walk along cedar ave and east ohio street. after completing their walk in the east allegheny neighborhood, the officers spent their afternoon at amman pool in hill district for the water olympics. 30/7/2021 09:50:46 pittsburgh bureau of ems holds swearing-in ceremony pittsburgh, pa (august 3, 2021) –the pittsburgh bureau of ems held a swearing-in ceremony in council chambers this morning. four new emts and two paramedics received their oath of office to the city of pittsburgh. edward parker, ethan puskas, domenick rapone, and austin saenger were sworn in as new emergency medical technicians (emts). paul feightner and michael skruch were sworn in as paramedics. “working during the covid-19 pandemic has not been easy,” said ems chief ronald romano. “they continued to excel day in and day out.” “it takes a team to achieve the leadership and excellence in stroke, trauma and cardiac care,” said associate medical director dr. lenny weiss. “now you are part of that team.” “you will do good things, and you will be a diamond,” added public safety director wendell hissrich. “a sparkling diamond that brings hope into people’s eyes.” mayor william peduto administered the oath of office for the new and newly promoted members. “the history of pittsburgh ems is recognized not only throughout the country, but throughout the world,” said mayor william peduto. “people come here to become medics.” congratulations to the newest members of the pittsburgh bureau of ems. 3/8/2021 13:02:19 the department of public safety releases the august 6-8 weekend vehicle traffic adjustments for the south side pittsburgh, pa (august 6, 2021) -- the department of public safety is continuing the adjustments to traffic patterns in the busy south side business corridor on weekend evenings. the city of pittsburgh public safety will strictly enforce no parking measures on fridays and saturdays, from 7 p.m. until 4 a.m. on east carson street. businesses and residences may still be accessed using alternate routing. as a reminder, the following guidelines are still in place: -b eginning at 7pm on fridays and saturdays e. carson street will convert from two-way traffic to one-way traveling eastbound between s. 11th and s. 17th -only emergency vehicles and port authority buses will be allowed to travel in both directions on e. carson. -ride-sharing services such as uber and lyft will not be permitted to stop on east carson street between s.10th and s.18th streets. passengers must arrange pick-up and drop-off points in advance, utilizing one of the open side streets. -parking and deliveries will be prohibited on either side of e. carson street between 7 p.m. and 4 a.m. - side streets from s.11th to s.17th inclusive will be closed to traffic. vehicles will be diverted around those streets via either muriel street or sarah street. only residents will be allowed to enter these areas. all feedback is welcomed to the city 3-1-1 response center (dial 311 or 412-255-2621 ) the 9-1-1 system should always be used for emergencies. “we appreciate everyone’s patience during this second weekend of adjustments. areas designated with no parking signs will be heavily enforced. the department of public safety recognizes the slight inconvenience, but the overall goal of increased safety, overcrowded sidewalks and street traffic needed to be addressed,” said public safety director, wendell hissrich. . 6/8/2021 10:36:22 pittsburgh bureau of police partners with books bridge hope to assist unsheltered communities pittsburgh, pa (july 8, 2021) – when lillie leonardi, a 26-year veteran of law enforcement and former fbi community affairs coordinator, lost her job and livelihood after being diagnosed with ptsd, she turned to intensive therapy, meditation, journaling, and reading books. a 9/11 first responder at the flight 93 crash site in shanksville, pa, books helped her heal and ultimately guided her toward a new career as an independent speaker, publisher, and founder of passages & prose, llc and its non-profit subsidiary, books bridge hope. “a wonderful life turned upside down by an unexpected, traumatic event…it’s a common story among the unsheltered community, but it could be anyone’s story,” leonardi explains. “through my community service work, past and present, i began to see that i had common ground with the homeless. i lost my job due to mental health issues. my fear was insurmountable. i couldn’t function well. that is the genesis of “box of goodness.” since its launch in may of this year, books bridge hope has distributed more than 50 boxes of goodness in partnership with the pittsburgh bureau of police and its 25-member-strong team of community engagement officers. officers now have the boxes in their vehicles to hand out to people where needed. “it’s an unfortunate reality, but pittsburgh police encounter our unsheltered community members throughout the city every single day, many of whom our officers know by name and try to assist with their differing and varying needs. but, sometimes receiving a gift; a surprise box full of items that lift a person’s soul and makes them smile, is just as important as helping provide some of the other critical care and assistance people need. that’s why the pittsburgh police community engagement office jumped at the chance to partner with books bridge hope – because that’s exactly what they do; they provide hope to those who need it most,” said sergeant tiffany kline-costa of the community engagement office. leonardi, who has personally funded the initiative since its inception, also works with an impassioned network of volunteers who help source and assemble contents for each box. each box of goodness is filled to the brim with books, magazines, and writing supplies in direct response to countless requests for reading materials that help fill the long, empty hours on the street or in a shelter. warm socks, toiletries and non-perishable food are also included. “this initiative not only provides compassionate care to the unsheltered community during these unprecedented times, but also allows law enforcement, the books bridge hope board of directors, community collaborators, and volunteers to bring forth their best efforts in service to others," said leonardi. to learn more about books bridge hope and its box of goodness initiative, visit passagesandprose.com/pages/books-bridge-hope or contact founder, lillie leonardi, at authorlillieleonardi@gmail.com to contact the pittsburgh bureau of police community engagement office, email sergeant tiffany kline-costa at tiffany.kline-costa@pittsburghpa.gov. 17/6/2021 13:18:40 department of public safety makes modifications to south side vehicle traffic pilot project pittsburgh, pa, (august 12, 2021) -- in recent weeks, the city of pittsburgh department of public safety implemented a pilot project on the south side to address mounting concerns regarding overcrowding, increased violence, and pedestrian safety on and around east carson street. the primary intent of the plan has been to stem the flow of vehicle traffic into the commercial corridor to alleviate some of the density in the area during the busiest evening hours on the weekends. while the strategy has been largely successful in helping to prevent violence and congestion on east carson street, public safety has remained in ongoing discussion with business owners who have asked for slight adjustments to ensure ease of access to restaurants and retail stores in the early evening hours. with that in mind, public safety is making modifications to the times of day during which the measures will be implemented. beginning at 9:30 p.m. on fridays and saturdays, east carson street will convert from two-way to one-way traffic traveling eastbound (outbound) between s. 10th and s. 18th. the previous start time was 7:00 p.m. on fridays and saturdays, 'no parking' measures will be strictly enforced on these blocks of east carson street starting at 8 p.m ., including the towing of vehicles, to keep this stretch clear for public safety vehicle access. signage along east carson will be clearly marked to reflect the altered parking hours for these days. side streets from s.11th to s.17th will remain open to through-traffic until 9:30 p.m., at which time vehicles will be diverted around those streets via either muriel street or sarah street. in previous weeks, the side streets were closed at 7:00 p.m. "the only way to ensure the south side will remain safe and accessible to everyone will be to continue to engage in communication with residents and business owners, working together and truly listening to their needs, balanced with the overall goal of preventing violence. that dialogue will be open and ongoing, and we continue to thank everyone for their patience and cooperation," said public safety director, wendell hissrich. the pilot project in the south side will remain in effect for the near future and public safety will continue to monitor its impact and effectiveness. 12/8/2021 12:41:47 public safety temporarily pauses south side traffic pilot during building demolition pittsburgh, pa, (august 13, 2021) -- due to a partial building collapse in the 1600 block of e. carson street last night, public safety is temporarily halting its traffic calming pilot project. the upper level of a two-story building sustained severe damage during heavy rainstorms and engineers are concerned the integrity of the structure, and that of the adjacent buildings, may be compromised. as such, public safety will be closing e. carson street between s.16th and s.17th streets to begin the demolition of 1604 e. carson. a large crane has been staged in the street to begin that process. during this time, traffic will be diverted around this block. tractor trailers and longer industrial-type vehicles will need to divert via the 10th street bridge or the birmingham bridge. as stated earlier, the traffic pilot project implemented on july 30 will not be in place for the time being. some businesses on this block will be impacted during the demolition. there is no timeline for its completion. this is an evolving situation and public safety will provide information to the public as it becomes available. public safety would like to thank residents, business owners, and visitors to pittsburgh for their patience and understanding with these last minute changes and the inconvenience they may cause. 13/8/2021 15:34:21 east carson street fully reopens to vehicle traffic following building collapse pittsburgh, pa (august 19, 2021) – following the partial collapse of a building located at 1604 e. carson street on august 12, engineers have been working to stabilize two adjacent buildings in order for the demolition of the affected structure to begin. during this week, e. carson st. between s. 16th and s.17th streets has been closed to vehicle and pedestrian traffic. after a successful stabilization and demolition, vehicle and pedestrian traffic resumed this afternoon. barricades on the sidewalk and parking lane are still in place for the length of the affected structures. a reminder that public safety’s traffic pilot project implemented on july 30, and modified on august 12, will not be in effect for the time being. 19/8/2021 16:25:52 pittsburgh police community engagement office events for the week of august 16 to august 22 pittsburgh, pa (august 20, 2021) – with the start of the school year right around the corner, the pittsburgh police community engagement office (ceo) turned its attention to the city’s students. on friday, the community engagement office and chief schubert participated in a backpack, supplies, and mask giveaway for students near heinz field in partnership with pittsburgh public schools. all of the backpacks were handed out during the popular drive-up event and more than 600 masks were distributed. earlier in the week, sergeant tiffany kline-costa and ceo officers spoke with children at homewood ymca about how to prepare and protect themselves in the event of an active shooter incident in their school. “obviously police do not want to worry or scare young children, but we want them to have the tools and the knowledge to protect themselves and their classmates should such an incident occur. we tell them it’s much like doing regular fire drills to prepare for the possibility of a fire. it’s not likely to happen, but if does, they will know exactly what to do,” said sergeant kline-costa. and finally, the chess with cops event in market square continues to draw new players every tuesday and, as these photos demonstrate, the game doesn’t have to be a serious and somber affair! if you have an event you’d like the community engagement office to participate in or an idea you’d like to share, please contact sergeant tiffany kline-costa at tiffany.kline-costa@pittsburghpa.gov . 20/8/2021 15:35:36 public safety to reinstate modified traffic pilot project on the south side pittsburgh, pa, (august 25, 2021) – after a temporary delay due to a partial building collapse in the 1600 block of e. carson st. on august 12, the department of public safety is reestablishing its modified traffic pilot project on the south side this upcoming weekend, august 27 – august 29. the primary intent of the plan has been to stem the flow of vehicle traffic into the commercial corridor to alleviate some of the density in the area during the busiest evening hours on the weekends. ongoing discussion with business owners and residents has resulted in slight adjustments to the plan to ensure ease of access to restaurants and retail stores in the early evening hours. public safety has made modifications to the times of day during which the measures will be implemented. beginning at 9:30 p.m. on fridays and saturdays, east carson street will convert from two-way to one-way traffic traveling eastbound (outbound) between s. 10th and s. 18th. the previous start time was 7:00 p.m. on fridays and saturdays, 'no parking' measures will be strictly enforced on these blocks of east carson street starting at 8 p.m ., including the towing of vehicles, to keep this stretch clear for public safety vehicle access. signage along east carson will be clearly marked to reflect the altered parking hours for these days. side streets from s.11th to s.17th will remain open to through-traffic until 9:30 p.m., at which time vehicles will be diverted around those streets via either muriel street or sarah street. in previous weeks, the side streets were closed at 7:00 p.m. the pilot project on the south side will remain in effect for the near future and public safety will continue to monitor its impact and effectiveness. 25/8/2021 15:06:42 test photos 25/8/2021 10:22:51 pittsburgh bureau of ems receives top honor from american heart association pittsburgh, pa (august 26, 2021) – for the fourth year running, pittsburgh public safety is proud to announce that the pittsburgh bureau of emergency medical services has received the american heart association’s mission: lifeline ems gold plus achievement award for implementation of quality care for severe heart attack and stroke patients. program participants apply for the award recognition by demonstrating how their organization has committed to improving quality care for stemi patients. an st elevation myocardial infarction (stemi) is the deadliest type of heart attack caused by a blockage of blood flow to the heart that requires urgent treatment. “as a paramedic for more than 40 years, i have watched pittsburgh ems evolve and innovate to the point that the city now has some of the most knowledgeable, well-trained, and best-equipped paramedics and emts in the nation, and even the world. these first responders play a vital role in the continuum of care for cardiac and stroke patients, and they continue to expand on their skills and training daily,” said public safety director, wendell hissrich. each year more than 250,000 people experience a stemi heart attack and pittsburgh ems is uniquely qualified to provide optimal care for patients from the first 9-1-1 call, to treatment and transport, through to coordination with the healthcare system. “i am proud to work with our outstanding team of emergency medical services caregivers who continue to provide the most up-to-date treatment to improve patient care and positive outcomes for pittsburgh’s residents and visitors who experience cardiac emergencies,” said ronald romano, chief of pittsburgh ems. the american heart association’s mission: lifeline ems program helps reduce barriers to prompt treatment for heart attacks. “while the covid-19 global pandemic continues to pose unique challenges with infected patients and the increased burden of additional personal protective equipment for first responders, pittsburgh ems paramedics and emts have never wavered in their quality of care for cardiac care patients, relying on the mission: lifeline ems guidelines and knowledge and putting that into practice each and every day,” said pittsburgh ems assistant chief, mark pinchalk. congratulations pittsburgh ems! 26/8/2021 13:22:56 task force conducts roundup in ride-out investigation, first arrests made update: 09/05/21 the task force has arrested two additional individuals in this investigation. nicholas james putnam, 32, of washington, pa was arrested. his charges include: felony riot, felony conspiracy, recklessly endangering another person and disorderly conduct. james b. selester, 39, of pittsburgh was arrested and charged with: felony riot, felony conspiracy, possessing instruments of crime, recklessly endangering another person, driving while suspended, and other traffic offenses. pittsburgh, pa, ( september 3, 2021) -- after months of monitoring 9-1-1 calls and fielding citizen complaints regarding large groups of people riding off-road vehicles such as all-terrain vehicles (atv’s) and dirt bikes recklessly on city streets, the pittsburgh bureau of police, the allegheny county district attorney’s office, the allegheny county sheriff’s office and the university of pittsburgh police initiated a task force to investigate and prosecute these illegal so-called “ride-outs." the task force has identified the first of several suspects believed to have either participated in, organized, and/or promoted these dangerous events in pittsburgh and surrounding areas. on the morning of september 2, police in pittsburgh and law enforcement partners in neighboring municipalities served the following arrest warrants and confiscated 1 vehicle connected to illegal ride-out activities in allegheny county: austin ross, 22, of oakmont, pa is charged with recklessly endangering another person, riot, and disorderly conduct. zyshon tot, 23, of mckees rocks, pa is charged with recklessly endangering another person, riot, and possessing instruments of crime. corey doubt, 36, of pittsburgh, pa is charged with recklessly endangering another person, disorderly conduct, and riot. johnnie burton, 37, of mckeesport, pa is charged with endangering the welfare of children, riot, and criminal conspiracy. pittsburgh police would like to thank allegheny county sheriffs, university of pittsburgh police, and the allegheny county district attorney’s office, for their cooperation and diligent work in helping to arrest these individuals and identify several dozen others in this ongoing investigation. the work of the task force continues and additional arrests are anticipated. 3/9/2021 06:21:45 pittsburgh police chief scott schubert on the passing of tunch ilkin pittsburgh, pa (september 4, 2021) -- pittsburgh police chief scott schubert has released the following statement on the passing of former pittsburgh steelers player and broadcaster, tunch ilkin: "i am completely heartbroken and numb at the passing of tunch ilkin. i consider myself blessed to call him a friend and mentor. i’m a better cop and human being because of his unconditional love, faith, and guidance. my prayers are with the family and all who had the pleasure of knowing tunch. he’s made an impact on the lives of so many people and pittsburgh is a better place because of his love for humanity. i will forever remember how he lived his life and how he courageously battled als with hope, faith, love, and compassion. he never gave up and always put his faith in his savior the lord. i take solace in knowing that he is finally at peace and his legacy will continue to make a difference in the lives of others. god bless, tunch. you are loved and missed." --- chief scott schubert, pittsburgh bureau of police. 4/9/2021 21:48:06 pittsburgh public safety honors the victims of september 11, 2001 pittsburgh, pa (september 11, 2021) – twenty years have passed since the united states woke to the horror and disbelief of witnessing coordinated terror attacks on the nation. as hijacked planes struck the world trade center in new york city, the pentagon in arlington, virginia, and crashed into a field in shanksville, pennsylvania, the united states, and indeed the world, shared in the collective grief that still reverberates two decades on. close to 3,000 people lost their lives that day. thousands of first responders rushed without hesitation to aid the victims and rescue survivors. more than 400 of them would never return home. nearly as many later died from 9/11-related conditions. currently, there are tens of thousands of first responders enrolled in the center for disease control and prevention’s 9/11 world trade center health program who are still being treated for illnesses linked to their response that day. “pittsburgh public safety honors the memory of those who lost their lives and the brave men and women – the first responders - who rushed toward multiple, unforeseen dangers on 9/11. they willingly risked their lives to help, search for, and rescue perfect strangers. they never faltered in their mission or questioned their own safety. this solemn anniversary offers an opportunity to reflect on their heroism and express our gratitude. they made the ultimate sacrifice. we thank all first responders for carrying on their legacy of service and selflessness,” --public safety director, wendell hissrich. we shall never forget. 10/9/2021 16:26:03 pittsburgh bureau of police and fbi pittsburgh investigate threats to city churches pittsburgh, pa (september 14, 2021) – on the morning of sunday, september 12, officers with the pittsburgh bureau of police were dispatched to two separate catholic churches in the city of pittsburgh after threats to harm congregants were received by telephone. at the same time, parishioners at one of the churches, located on the north side, called police after one of their fellow congregants was observed to be carrying a gun on his person during the service. during their initial investigation, the man provided police with a valid conceal carry permit. it was determined that he did not commit a crime and was permitted to leave. the other church that received a threat was in the greenfield area of the city. when responding officers arrived, they secured the scene and established that there was no visible threat inside or outside of the church before the congregants were escorted to safety. in response to these threats and perceived danger, the pittsburgh bureau of police is working directly with the fbi to thoroughly investigate the source and determine any connection between the two incidents. "pittsburgh public safety takes all threats of violence or terrorism extremely seriously. pittsburgh police intelligence unit detectives are working closely with our federal partners within fbi pittsburgh, sharing information and intelligence to determine the origin of the threats. in the meantime, we are reassured that in one instance, citizens called police when they observed suspicious behavior. we encourage everyone to adhere to the tenet, ‘if you see something, say something.’ it is only by working together that we can keep our communities safe,” said public safety director wendell hissrich. police have added extra patrols and are taking additional precautions to safeguard these churches and all houses of worship in the city of pittsburgh. the bureau does not discuss specific operational details. this investigation is very active and ongoing. updates to the public will be provided when they become available. 14/9/2021 12:49:19 pittsburgh public safety announces downtown road closure and detours for filming pittsburgh, pa (september 20, 2021) – the city of pittsburgh office of special events would like to inform the public of the following road closure downtown to accommodate a film production this week. beginning tuesday, september 21, seventh street between liberty avenue and penn avenue will be closed at 6 a.m. and will reopen no later than 4 a.m. on wednesday, september 22. sidewalks on this block will also be closed. in relation to this production, parking will be restricted in the following locations beginning at 8 p.m. on monday, september 20, through to wednesday, september 22 at 4 a.m.: eastbound on fort duquesne blvd. from the sixth street/clemente bridge to the ninth street/rachel carson bridge seventh street from fort duquesne blvd. to penn avenue during active filming, vehicle and pedestrian traffic will experience intermittent holds on penn avenue, liberty avenue, and seventh street. traffic holds will be limited to a maximum of four minutes. pittsburgh police will be providing support. this road closure will affect three bus stops on seventh street. please contact port authority customer service at (412) 442- 2000 between the hours of 6 a.m. and 7 p.m. monday through friday for more detailed information. 20/9/2021 14:04:52 pittsburgh police community engagement office events for the week of september 19 - 25 pittsburgh, pa ( september 24, 2021) – officers with the pittsburgh police community engagement office kicked off the week’s activities – and the fall season – in the most 'pittsburgh' kind of way, by taking in the steelers home opener at heinz field on sunday. but, they didn’t do it alone. families from the south side organization, voices against violence, joined officers for a great day starting with a tailgate meal at stage ae before the game. the initiative to connect pittsburgh police with children, youth, and community groups around the city to enjoy steelers home games together was originally imagined by retired pittsburgh steeler, markice pouncey. the tradition will continue thanks to steelers defensive lineman, stephon tuitt, who has picked up the mantle. “on behalf of the pittsburgh bureau of police and the communities we serve, i am extremely grateful to stephon tuitt for volunteering to keep our pittsburgh steelers and community engagement partnership alive. this relationship has grown and flourished as our officers and youth spend time together in a safe, relaxed and fun setting. as a result, a mutual trust, understanding and respect has developed,” said police chief, scott schubert. on tuesday, ceo officer chelsey washington helped deliver food to the light of life mission on the north side thanks to a generous donation from the catholic community food bank of troy hill. and even as temperatures dip, the die-hard chess aficionados still turn up in impressive numbers for the weekly chess with cops event each tuesday in market square. also this week, community engagement officers were afforded a unique training opportunity through the senator john heinz history center to privately tour two curated exhibits, 'from freedom to slavery' and 'american democracy,' where they were able to ask questions of the exhibit's curator and engage in discussion. if you have an event you’d like the community engagement office to participate in or an idea you’d like to share, please contact sergeant tiffany kline-costa at tiffany.kline-costa@pittsburghpa.gov . 24/9/2021 06:45:09 the pittsburgh bureau of police announces the passing of an officer pittsburgh, pa (september 27, 2021) -- it is with extremely heavy hearts and profound sadness that the pittsburgh bureau of police announces the sudden loss of one of its own on sunday evening, september 26, 2021. officer brian rowland, age 47, was surrounded by his loving family when he passed away at st. clair hospital following a brief illness. officer rowland was a 21-year veteran of the force, working in zone 6 in the city's west end. "i am deeply saddened by the loss of a dedicated veteran officer and a loyal friend to many in the bureau. the pittsburgh police family is a family in the truest sense of the word. the loss of one of our brothers in blue is felt acutely by each and every one of us. we serve together, we mourn together, and we will help each other through this together...as a family," said police chief, scott schubert. commander cristyn zett supervised officer rowland in zone 6. "i met brian nearly 22 years ago when we were classmates in the police academy. he was a no-nonsense guy who devoted his entire adult life to protecting and serving the residents of pittsburgh. brian was a devoted husband, a huge dog lover, a fitness enthusiast, a friend, and mentor to countless officers. he was always the person you wanted next to you in an emergency. his death leaves a huge void in the police bureau, and he will be missed deeply," said commander zett. brian rowland is survived by his wife krista and fur-babies echo, kimber, and jinxy cat. the bureau asks that the media respect the family's privacy during this difficult time. funeral arrangements will be announced at a later date. 27/9/2021 10:33:44 pittsburgh public safety welcomes united states secretary of state antony j. blinken and commerce secretary gina raimondo to pittsburgh pittsburgh, pa (september 28, 2021) -- public safety welcomes u.s. secretary of state, antony j. blinken and commerce secretary gina raimondo to pittsburgh on tuesday, september 28, 2021. during their stay, secretary blinken and secretary raimondo will be making planned visits to different locations in pittsburgh. residents and visitors should expect short traffic delays as the motorcades move around the city. "the traveling public, and those who live and work downtown, should plan for intermittent traffic delays and road closures during the visit of the united states secretary of state and the commerce secretary to pittsburgh. we encourage everyone to be patient, plan alternate routes, and work a bit of extra time into their commute," said pittsburgh bureau of police commander, eric holmes. oliver avenue will be closed from william penn place to grant street for the duration of secretary blinken's stay until thursday, september 30.  there will also be parking restrictions in this immediate area. secretary raimondo will be in pittsburgh for a one day visit, departing wednesday, september 29. 27/9/2021 06:19:36 pittsburgh police announce arrangements for late officer brian rowland pittsburgh, pa (september 29, 2021) -- following the passing of officer brian rowland, his family, and his pittsburgh police family, will be honoring his life and service on saturday, october 2. there will be a visitation from 12 p.m. until 4.p.m., followed by a service at 4:30 p.m. at william f. slater ii funeral home, 1650 greentree road, pittsburgh, pa, 15220. "for his service, officer rowland will be afforded all of the honors befitting a fallen pittsburgh bureau of police officer as we recognize his selfless contributions to the city of pittsburgh," said police chief, scott schubert. "immediately following his passing, we adhered to the wishes of his family to respect his personal and private health information. his death, now confirmed to be the result of complications from covid-19, is hitting us all with enormous gravity, as it has the families and friends of the nearly 690,000 americans who have died, and whose lives have been affected by the ravages of this virus. please keep officer rowland's family and friends in your prayers at this time." officer rowland's service will not be open to the media. there will be no pool camera or audio opportunities from inside the funeral home. pittsburgh police ask that the media who choose to cover the funeral from outside, please maintain a respectful distance as we pay tribute to our fellow officer and support his family during this difficult time. 29/9/2021 13:58:11 public safety to reinstate two-way traffic on east carson street pittsburgh, pa, (september 30, 2021) – in the last week of july, public safety introduced a traffic pilot project in the busy south side corridor in an effort to ease vehicle congestion, improve pedestrian safety, and mitigate an increase in violence in the area on weekend evenings. thanks to the cooperation and patience of businesses and residents in the area, public safety is satisfied that these measures have resulted in several positive improvements. as a result, beginning on friday, october 1, 2021, traffic on east carson street will convert back to two-way traffic between s.10th and s.18th streets in the evenings. on fridays and saturdays, 'no parking' measures will still be strictly enforced on these blocks of east carson street starting at 8 p.m ., including the towing of vehicles, to keep this stretch of road clear for public safety vehicle access. in addition to the traffic pattern shifts implemented in july, pittsburgh police increased the number of officers in the area and expanded enforcement. over the past four weekends, police working in the south side corridor have made 12 arrests, one firearms-related arrest, one firearm seizure, issued 371 citations, and towed 69 vehicles. these enhanced enforcement measures will remain in place. “the department of public safety is pleased with the progress that has been made to increase safety on the south side. as promised, we engaged in regular discussions with residents and businesses during this time to share ideas on the impact and effectiveness of the pilot program and the stepped-up enforcement. we thank everyone for their patience and participation in this effort. it wasn't always easy to balance competing needs, but we are grateful for the partnerships that helped make this happen," said public safety director, wendell hissrich. public safety will continue to monitor the south side in the interest of keeping residents and visitors safe while they enjoy the many benefits this unique district has to offer. 30/9/2021 08:49:45 pittsburgh bureau of police holds promotion ceremony for lieutenants, commanders pittsburgh, pa (october 11, 2021) --  the pittsburgh bureau of police held a promotions ceremony on monday at our lady of victory maronite church. five lieutenants were promoted to the rank of commander, while five sergeants were promoted to the rank of lieutenant. shawn malloy, matthew lackner, martin devine, richard ford, and ronald griffin were promoted to the rank of commander. wanda duncan, jeffery abraham, mark rush, logan hanley, and anthony cunningham were promoted to the rank of lieutenant. police chief scott schubert spoke of his faith in the future as he acknowledged the over 100 years of combined leadership experience between the officers. “you are the future, and the past too. you are the future of this department,” schubert said. “this is something that is going to help change the direction of the pittsburgh police by having you in these new leadership roles. [...] we need to do everything we can for our officers to allow them to be successful, and to be safe out in the field. and i know you’re going to be a big part of that.” public safety director wendell hissrich applauded the officers’ work that has often transcended traditional police work during the pandemic. “i see officers being plumbers, auto mechanics, social workers, uber drivers and many other occupations day in and day out,” he said. “i have watched you provide direction and guidance to your officers as you were once mentored.” mayor william peduto commended the officers for their leadership, perseverance and ability to adapt to change. “i want to thank you personally, first of all, for wanting to  take on more responsibility. i want to thank you for wanting to take on the added responsibility of taking care of yourselves and taking care of your brothers and sisters.” commander shawn malloy is assigned to zone 1, commander matthew lackner is assigned to zone 2, commander martin devine is assigned to narcotics and vice, commander richard ford is assigned to major crimes, and commander ronald griffin is assigned to zone 4. lieutenants will finish their current assignments as the department completes a bid process. 11/10/2021 17:35:25 national prescription take back day is saturday, october 23, 2021 pittsburgh, pa (october 20, 2021) -- pharmaceutical or prescription drugs can be just as dangerous as unregulated substances, because addiction can oftentimes begin with what’s inside your medicine cabinet. in 2019, nearly 10 million americans misused controlled prescription drugs, according to the national survey on drug use and health. nearly 5% of children ages 12 to 17 have reported non-medical drug use over the past year, according to the national institute on drug abuse. together with the drug enforcement administration, pittsburgh is working towards making the community safer, starting at home. on saturday, october 23 from 10 a.m. until 2 p.m. , pittsburgh will participate in the drug enforcement administration’s 21st annual prescription drug takeback day. in april, the pittsburgh bureau of police collected 34 boxes with a combined total weight of 672 pounds of prescription medications. nationally, 420 tons of expired or unused medications were collected at over 5,000 collection sites. “many people may not realize the proper disposal of unused or expired prescription drugs can actually save lives,” said sergeant rebecca bassano, pittsburgh police narcotics and vice. “dropping off pill bottles at a disposal location can prevent them from getting into the wrong hands.” expired or unused prescription drugs can be a public safety hazard leading to poisoning, accidental overdoses, or abuse. proper disposal can also protect the environment. all expired, unused, and unwanted prescription drugs can be dropped off at the following locations this saturday: zone 1: 1501 brighton rd, 15212 zone 2: 2000 centre ave, 15219 zone 3: 830 e warrington ave, 15210 zone 4: 5858 northumberland st, 15217 zone 5: 1401 washington blvd, 15206 zone 6: 312 south main st, 15220 police headquarters: 1203 western ave, 15233 for those who can’t participate this weekend, permanent drop-off boxes are located at pittsburgh police headquarters and zone 6. for more information about the safe disposal of prescription drugs or about the october 23rd take back day event, visit www.deatakeback.com . 20/10/2021 12:00:07 the pittsburgh bureau of police announces the passing of sergeant richard howe pittsburgh, pa, (october 21, 2021) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police family is deeply saddened to announce the death of one of its own. sergeant richard 'rick' howe, 51, of cecil township passed away in the presence of loved ones at st. clair hospital following complications from covid-19. sergeant howe was a 24-year veteran of the force working as a motorcycle unit supervisor within the special deployment division (sdd) under commander ed trapp. "we lost a good officer, a good supervisor, and an even better person today," said commander trapp. pittsburgh police chief scott schubert acknowledged that sergeant howe's passing would have a profound impact across the bureau, where he was a friend to many. "i've known rick for more than 20 years and had the pleasure of working with him at zone 6 and at sdd. he also volunteered many times for various special olympics events. he was a good man, cop, father, and husband. he will be missed dearly," said chief schubert. sergeant howe is survived by his wife cali, son josh, and daughters, faith and christine. funeral arrangements will be announced at a later date. 21/10/2021 19:53:11 pittsburgh public safety marks the third anniversary of the tree of life synagogue attack pittsburgh, pa (october 27, 2021) – the city of pittsburgh department of public safety commemorates the third anniversary of the attack on the tree of life congregation in squirrel hill. on saturday, october 27, 2018, the deadliest anti-semitic attack in american history claimed the lives of 11 community members who gathered for worship on a cool and rainy fall morning. “pittsburgh was irrevocably changed that day. the relative peace we knew and enjoyed as a city was suddenly shattered. but on the days and months that followed, people came together like never before to support one another and to heal. it was the tree of life tragedy where pittsburghers truly embodied the phrase, ‘stronger than hate,’” said public safety director wendell hissrich. pittsburgh public safety honors the innocent men and women who lost their lives that day, and the first responders who were injured while answering the call to this senseless tragedy. 26/10/2021 15:38:16 pittsburgh police announce the passing of sergeant timothy werner pittsburgh, pa (november 2, 2021) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police is mourning the loss of a veteran member of the force today. sergeant timothy 'tim' werner, 49, of pittsburgh, passed away this morning at mercy hospital following complications from the covid-19 virus, with members of his pittsburgh police family by his side. tim was entering his 22nd year with the pittsburgh police, having graduated in the may 15, 2000 recruit class. he worked for many years as an officer in zones 4 and 5, but most recently as a supervisor in the property room at police headquarters. "it is with deep sadness that i learned of the passing of sergeant tim werner. tim has been a friend to many and a dedicated public servant for the city of pittsburgh for many years. it's going to be extremely difficult not seeing tim at police headquarters every day. our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends. he will be truly missed," said police chief scott schubert. sergeant werner is predeceased by his parents and will be dearly missed by his brothers and sisters in the pittsburgh bureau of police. funeral arrangements will be private. 2/11/2021 11:30:39 pittsburgh public safety announces road closures for netflix production pittsburgh, pa (november 5, 2021) - the city of pittsburgh department of public safety would like to inform the public of two road closures that will take place next week due to the netflix film production of “rustin.” the following closures will take place on monday, november 8th: ross street downtown between forbes and fourth avenue from 6:00 a.m. to 8:30 a.m. smithfield street between fifth avenue and oliver avenue from 9:00 a.m. until 3:00 p.m. some parking areas near the closures will be restricted during filming. drivers should use caution and seek alternate routes during their commutes. 5/11/2021 14:32:01 public safety prepares for the return of light up night this weekend pittsburgh, pa (november 19, 2021) – the department of public safety anticipates a large attendance for light up night, which returns on saturday, november 20. the 60th anniversary of the festival marks the unofficial start to the holiday season in pittsburgh with multiple events taking place downtown, culminating in a fireworks finale at 9:30 p.m. from the allegheny overlook on ft. duquesne boulevard. “like most pittsburghers, i am looking forward to the return of light up night after the traditional event was cancelled due to the pandemic last year. as such, city of pittsburgh department of public safety personnel from all of the bureaus will be in place to help provide a safe and fun experience for everyone in what is expected to be a large turnout,” said public safety director wendell hissrich. the pittsburgh bureau of police will work with partnering law enforcement agencies -- including the allegheny county sheriff’s office, allegheny county police, pennsylvania state police, port authority police and state park rangers -- to provide uniformed and plainclothes officers throughout the venues. with the pitt panthers afternoon game scheduled at heinz field, public safety will also be working with university of pittsburgh police. pittsburgh police mounted and motorcycle units will be in place, as will river rescue and the fire boat, pittsburgh ems, pittsburgh fire and emergency management. the pennsylvania state police helicopter will be providing aerial support. a number of light towers will be erected downtown in addition to the ones already positioned on the south side, where an increased police presence remains on busy weekend evenings. city cameras will also be fully operational. as can be expected, traffic and parking will be a challenge downtown. attendees should consider ride-sharing or public transit options. the weather is forecast to be seasonable with temperatures in the mid-to-high 40s and minimal probability of precipitation. police remind the public that drones are not allowed, nor are illegal weapons. in addition, city law prohibits the use of any fireworks, even those that are legal, within 150 feet of a structure. “we hope residents and visitors will come down and take part in one of the city’s most festive events of the year, but we encourage everyone to do so safely and to be mindful that we are still in the midst of a global pandemic,” said hissrich. public safety wishes everyone a happy, healthy, and safe holiday season. 19/11/2021 06:28:03 free gun locks available to public from pittsburgh bureau of police pittsburgh, pa (november 23, 2021) - in an effort to minimize accidental shootings and help all residents be responsible gun owners, the pittsburgh bureau of police is providing free gun locks for all members of the public while supplies last. the locks are available at all zones within the city, and at police headquarters on western avenue. gun locks are a crucial part of the effort to curb accidental shootings by preventing children from discharging a firearm and injuring themselves or others. oftentimes, effort by parents or guardians to obtain a gun lock and properly secure a gun can prevent tragedy. “taking five to ten minutes to place the lock on a gun could potentially save a life,” said public safety director wendell hissrich. “that’s what we’re trying to get out to the public today, that these locks are available.” hissrich added that learning to use a gun lock is a simple process. the device laces through the magazine chamber into the ejection port before locking in place. keys should always be kept away from children or placed in a secured location, like a vault. to view a demonstration on proper use of a gun lock, click here. those who would like to obtain a gun lock can pick one up at the following locations: police headquarters 1203 western ave pittsburgh, pa 15233 412-323-7800 zone 1 police station 1501 brighton road pittsburgh, pa 15212 412-323-7201 zone 2 police station 2000 centre avenue pittsburgh, pa 15219 412-255-2827 zone 3 police station 830 east warrington avenue pittsburgh, pa 15210 412-488-8326 zone 4 police station 5858 northumberland street pittsburgh, pa 15217 412-422-6520 zone 5 police station 1401 washington blvd pittsburgh, pa 15206 412-665-3605 zone 6 police station 312 s. main street pittsburgh pa 15220 412-937-3051 23/11/2021 12:51:07 pittsburgh bureau of ems promotes three to district chief, crew chiefs pittsburgh, pa (november 29, 2021) - on monday, november 29, the pittsburgh bureau of ems held a swearing-in and promotions ceremony in the mayor’s conference room. jeffrey tremel was promoted to district chief, while nicholas lawrence and justin m. miller were promoted and sworn in as crew chiefs. ems chief ronald romano commended all three on their outstanding effort and dedication which earned them their distinguished titles within department leadership. "i want to thank these three individuals for having the ambition to pursue these promotions, and to continue to be leaders in the bureau of ems now and in the future," said romano. medical director for the city of pittsburgh dr. ronald roth congratulated the chiefs, emphasizing the importance of leadership in a time of change. “this is really a time where we need leaders,” said roth. “we know that pittsburgh ems has a good moral compass. we know which direction we want to go. and with good leaders, we can make that happen.” public safety director wendell hissrich praised the strong leadership already provided by the incoming crew chiefs in stressful, often chaotic situations in the field. “the crew chiefs are the ones that are making life and death decisions daily,” he said. hissrich also addressed the extensive career of jeffrey tremel, who has served over 32 years with pittsburgh bureau of ems in the ambulance and rescue divisions. tremel also served as president of local 1 of the fraternal association of professional paramedics. hissrich said tremel’s leadership, combined with a joint effort with the mayor’s office, was key in the public safety department’s effort to restore the emt system, as well as ensure better pay and improved working conditions for paramedics. “during the covid pandemic, it was through the leadership of jeff and his executive board of the paramedic union we were able to make lives easier, save lives and have a back-up plan in case we realized a situation where many of the medics and emts became ill and unable to work.” before administering the oath of office, mayor william peduto commended the new chiefs and spoke of their importance in both recruitment and retention of future first-responders. “we found a way to do great things. i am so proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with you these past eight years,” said peduto. “as we look at these promotions, we’re looking into the next ten years, because it’s going to be hard to find qualified leaders in order to be able to train a next generation. it’s going to be hard [...] to find people willing to put their lives at risk in order to help and serve others, and it will require a strong leadership in order to be able to make sure there are people out there to help to serve, and save, pittsburghers.” 29/11/2021 17:00:06 pittsburgh bureau of fire holds promotions ceremony for firefighters pittsburgh, pa (november 30, 2021)—pittsburgh bureau of fire held a promotions ceremony in the mayor’s conference room this afternoon. bernard mohan was promoted to deputy chief ronald bollinger promoted to battalion chief. two firefighters, brian krull and jason marino were promoted to the rank of captain. the final two firefighters, benjamin calik and frank mannella, were promoted to fire lieutenant. “we are prepared and know they are prepared to carry out their missions,” said fire chief darryl jones. “to the families, we say thank you very much for your support.” “you are the ones making the decisions day to day and saving lives,” added public safety director wendell hissrich. “what you do getting off that truck in the first few minutes makes the difference in life and death.” mayor william peduto addressed the firefighters before administering the oath of office. “it has been an honor to work with you my past 8 years,” mayor peduto said. “the professionalism, the unquestioned loyalty of serving and helping the citizens of pittsburgh no matter what the call was.” ronald bollinger, benjamin calik, and frank mannella were in attendance for the ceremony. congratulations to new pittsburgh bureau of fire deputy chief, battalion chief, captains, and lieutenants! 30/11/2021 12:33:53 city of pittsburgh enforces illegal dumping of refuse pittsburgh, pa (december 1, 2021) - after a thorough investigation, pittsburgh police plain clothes detectives from zone 5 recently made an arrest in two illegal trash dumping incidents. on july 28 and august 1 of this year, city cameras recorded the same individual unloading truckloads of trash on renfrew street in larimer, a site that is not designated for the legal disposal of refuse. as a result, pittsburgh police identified and issued a warrant for a 60-year-old man from north versailles, pa. he was charged with two counts of theft of services and two counts of scattering rubbish. the peduto administration has long-prioritized the enforcement of illegal dumping and littering, which has been an ongoing blight in city neighborhoods. "the practice of illegally discarding trash is not only an eyesore that diminishes the beauty of pittsburgh neighborhoods, it's a crime that costs pennsylvania taxpayers approximately $68 million dollars in mitigation each year," said mayor william peduto. back in august, the mayor's office joined the department of public works and the clean pittsburgh commission to announce the city’s goals on littering and dumping (gold) plan for eradicating litter and illegal dumping citywide. pittsburgh has more than 800 known illegal dumping sites and the city has made investments to strengthen enforcement efforts. through a financial commitment from the clean pittsburgh commission, new high resolution cameras have been placed at known dumping sites. the city of pittsburgh would like to remind residents and visitors that the practice of discarding trash outside of designated areas is illegal and will not be tolerated. "we thank the mayor's office for making the eradication of these crimes a priority, and the pittsburgh police for investigating and holding offenders accountable," said public safety director, wendell hissrich. learn more about the city's goals and littering and dumping (gold) plan:  1/12/2021 06:20:48 public safety prepares for increased crowds in oakland and south side for acc football championship pittsburgh, pa, (december 3, 2021) – on saturday, december 4, the university of pittsburgh panthers will take on the wake forest demon deacons in the acc football championship in charlotte, north carolina. in anticipation of the 8 p.m. game, the department of public safety is making preparations for what is expected to draw large numbers of fans for watch parties and celebrations, particularly in oakland and the south side entertainment district. the pittsburgh bureau of police, with assistance from the university of pittsburgh police and the pennsylvania state police mounted unit, will have extra officers on patrol, along with its mounted, motorcycle, bicycle and k-9 units. temporary light towers will be placed in busy areas that may require additional lighting. “we appreciate that this is a big game for pitt and that many more fans than usual will likely be coming out to support the team and hopefully celebrate a win. however, there will be zero tolerance for property damage or violence of any kind and police will be on high alert for impaired drivers,” said public safety director, wendell hissrich. the pittsburgh bureau of fire and the bureau of ems will also be providing additional resources and personnel on game day. the department of public safety encourages everyone to celebrate responsibly. 2/12/2021 15:58:24 pittsburgh bureau of police announces policy and procedural changes following critical incident pittsburgh, pa, (december 21, 2021) – on wednesday, october 13, 2021, jim rogers was placed in pittsburgh bureau of police (pbp) custody after officers responded to a call in bloomfield. the officer on scene deployed his taser during the response. following his arrest, mr. rogers was transported to mercy hospital by police, where he passed away the following day. pursuant to policy, the pittsburgh bureau of police empaneled an internal critical incident review board (cirb) to evaluate officers’ actions and gauge policy compliance. additionally, the allegheny county police department is independently investigating the incident with the full cooperation of the pbp. over the course of two months, the cirb has reviewed evidence including all available video, officer statements and pittsburgh bureau of police general orders and training. the board found that a series of procedural failures contributed to this tragic outcome. eight pittsburgh bureau of police officers, including two supervisors, will face varying levels of discipline in accordance with the fraternal order of police collective bargaining agreement. we are not permitted to discuss details of the disciplinary process. in recent years, the city of pittsburgh implemented several measures to ensure accountability, including mandatory de-escalation and implicit bias training for officers and participation in the national initiative for building community trust & justice, which examines policy and aims to increase trust within our community.  however, it is clear more needs to be done. therefore, the cirb recommended the following policy and procedural changes: any use of force incident will require the presence of a supervisor on scene to complete a medical assessment and request appropriate personnel any incident involving the positive deployment of a taser will require emergency medical services personnel to assess the patient pittsburgh bureau of police personnel will be retrained in accordance with established pbp training academy duty to intervene policy pbp will streamline its organizational review of use of force by both appropriate command staff and the training academy to expeditiously ensure policy compliance “it is imperative that every critical incident is reviewed promptly,” said public safety director wendell hissrich. “by identifying the problem, it allows us to make corrections that are put into policy in a timely manner.” immediately following this incident, all sworn pbp officers were required to complete a taser refresher course followed by an exam. this course is in addition to the yearly mandated taser recertification requirement for all officers. further, the pbp will require its officers to become fully certified emergency medical responders. the pittsburgh bureau of police would like to express its most sincere condolences to the family and friends of mr. jim rogers. we thank them for their patience in affording the cirb the time and latitude to investigate the events that led up to his tragic death. “jim rogers will serve as a sober reminder of the tremendous responsibility all officers bear when they wear the pittsburgh bureau of police badge. every resident and visitor to the city of pittsburgh is owed the highest standard of care when they are in the custody of pittsburgh police. in the case of jim rogers, we failed our fellow citizen. the disciplinary measures and procedural changes we are announcing today are intended to ensure a tragedy such as this never occurs again in the city of pittsburgh,” said police chief, scott schubert. pittsburgh public safety will not be offering any further comment at this time. 21/12/2021 15:53:14 the city of pittsburgh bureau of police holds promotions ceremony for police pittsburgh, pa (december 23, 2021) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police held a promotions ceremony on thursday in the mayor’s conference room. one officer was promoted to the rank of assistant chief, a lieutenant was promoted to commander and five officers to sergeant. police chief scott schubert spoke on how this day is special to not only the officers, but also their family and citizens of pittsburgh. “they have a very stressful and very dangerous job,” said schubert. “they go out there giving their all, to make a difference and keep people safe. when someone calls 9-1-1, they don’t ask who it is, but go out there to help.” public safety director wendell hissrich thanked the families for their continued support of the officers. “you are out there day to day making important decisions,” said hissrich. “we thank your families for allowing us to have your time away from them.” mayor william peduto issued the oath of office. “you will be the first line of protection, responsibility, and the one younger officers will look to for guidance.” said mayor peduto. “your new ranks are positions that come from merit, duty and respect from others.” phillip carey was promoted to the rank of assistant chief. ray rippole was promoted to the rank of commander. jeffrey tagmyer, walter dusch, stephanie labella, keith miles, frank welling, robert stroschein, and richard ruffolo were promoted to sergeant. the newly promoted officer’s assignment duties are to be determined later. congratulations to new pittsburgh bureau of police assistant chief, commander, and sergeants! 23/12/2021 13:36:13 a statement from public safety director wendell hissrich on his departure "i am beyond thankful to mayor peduto for providing me the opportunity to return to pittsburgh as the director of public safety. in my tenure over the past six years, i've learned that a leader is only as good as the people working for them. i thank every member in the department for their hard work. we've seen lots of change, and even trying times together; and hopefully we were able to make a positive difference over these past six years. it has been my privilege to serve the city and help work towards a safer pittsburgh for everyone." -wendell hissrich, public safety director as of now, he says he has no current plans to announce regarding the future. 30/12/2021 13:37:03 public safety statement on first night as pittsburgh welcomes 2022 pittsburgh, pa (dec. 30, 2021) – after a moderated “made-for-tv” format last year, pittsburgh’s annual “first night” returns to the streets and event venues of pittsburgh to ring in 2022. dec. 31 traditionally draws tens of thousands of people to the pittsburgh cultural trust’s highmark first night pittsburgh celebrations at venues throughout downtown. last year, those crowds stayed home due to pandemic concerns, but this year organizers are adapting the event again by moving much of it outdoors. of course, covid-19 is still at the forefront of many minds, given the emergence of the omicron variant. this year, there are some new requirements to keep crowds safe. proof of vaccination, a valid id and a mask are required for admission at any indoor venue. “there are ways to both stay safe and have fun,” said medical director for the city of pittsburgh dr. ronald roth. “even if you are fully vaccinated, wear a proper mask when inside or outside if you will be within close proximity of others from outside your own household.” further, a proper fitting, three-layer surgical-type mask is a better choice than a cloth mask. as always, proper social distancing is suggested where possible. first night is a long-standing family-friendly tradition and members of the pittsburgh police and public safety will be on-hand to help ensure residents and visitors are able to celebrate in a safe environment. “as always, we encourage people to celebrate responsibly,” said pbp police chief scott schubert. “public safety officials will be highly visible and we encourage participants to engage with our personnel if they are in need of assistance or directions. safety is everyone’s responsibility, so if you see something, say something!” as a reminder, police urge people to never drink and drive. use public transportation or uber, lyft and designated drivers. police will actively be looking for impaired drivers throughout the night. for more information on first night celebrations, go to firstnightpgh.trustarts.org. 30/12/2021 12:01:46 pittsburgh public safety prepares for presidential visit pittsburgh, pa (january 27, 2022) – the department of public safety is pleased to welcome president joe biden and members of his administration to pittsburgh this friday, january 28. during his brief stay in the city, president biden will be visiting the research and development hub, mill 19, in hazelwood. pittsburgh police commander eric holmes oversees dignitary protection for national and international leaders when they visit pittsburgh. he says residents and visitors should expect temporary traffic disruptions as the president’s motorcade moves from allegheny county airport to hazelwood. “drivers should prepare for rolling traffic delays and detours, as well as restricted parking along 2nd avenue between the glenwood bridge and hazelwood avenue for the planned event. it is advisable to pack a measure of patience and prepare ahead with an alternative route in mind to minimize travel hurdles,” said holmes. residents who live on or visit the following streets will also experience parking and travel interruptions: blair street beehive street lytle street eliza street hazelwood avenue 'no parking' signs will be posted 24 hours in advance of the visit and restrictions will be in place from 7 a.m. until 4 p.m. on friday, january 28. 27/1/2022 06:11:47 bridge collapses in frick park pittsburgh, pa (january. 28, 2022) – at 6:39 a.m. on january 28, rescue crews responded to the forbes avenue bridge in frick park after the bridge collapsed near forbes and south braddock.  five vehicles and one port authority bus were on the bridge at the time. ten people were evaluated and treated for minor injuries, including some first responders. three people were transported to local hospitals with non-life-threatening injuries. “i am thankful for the quick response and dedication of the pittsburgh public safety department, and for the cooperation and assistance of the county, state, and federal governments,” said mayor ed gainey. rescue operations concluded just after 8:30 a.m. “due to the scale of the collapse, we activated the mass casualty plan,” said chief darryl jones, emergency management coordinator for ema. “thank you to all our partners at all levels for their assistance and work as we continue to navigate this scene.” response included allegheny county and pennsylvania state authorities. the pennsylvania state police provided a uav drone to scan the collapse site for situational awareness purposes. ross/westview and baldwin ems were also on scene. jones activated urban search and rescue (usar) assets to search for possible victims underneath the collapsed bridge, which is where crews will now focus their efforts. pa usar strike team 1 will work to check for void spaces under the bridge. “first responders worked quickly and effectively together, sharing resources and information,” said acting public safety director lee schmidt, “their diligence ensured everyone on the bridge was safe.” additionally, the collapse ruptured gas lines that ran along the bridge, causing a large gas leak. gas crews shut the gas off within thirty minutes. several families were evacuated from their homes nearby as a precaution and have since been cleared for re-entry. the cause of the collapse is under investigation. frick park is closed to pedestrians and vehicles as crews continue their work. watch a video of this morning's press conference here:  28/1/2022 12:25:56 fire chief darryl jones named emergency management coordinator for city of pittsburgh pittsburgh, pa (january 31, 2022) – pittsburgh public safety is pleased to announce that pittsburgh bureau of fire chief darryl jones has been appointed as the emergency management coordinator for the city of pittsburgh. jones will supervise the office of emergency management and homeland security (oehms) in addition to his duties as chief with the pittsburgh bureau of fire, a position he’s held since 2007. chief jones is uniquely qualified for the oehms coordinator role with credentials as a pa certified municipal emergency management professional, a member of the pennsylvania all-hazards incident management team, and a u.s department of homeland security type-3 incident commander and planning section chief. he also holds a doctorate in public safety with a specialty in emergency management from capella university. congratulations chief jones! 31/1/2022 08:25:11 observation area for fern hollow collapse site closed for remediation pittsburgh, pa (february 2, 2022) - following the january 28 collapse of the fern hollow bridge in frick park, the city of pittsburgh department of mobility and infrastructure (domi) has worked expeditiously with penndot to secure a contractor to work on remediation and eventual reconstruction, as well as to support the ntsb investigation. the contractor has begun staging large pieces of equipment on forbes avenue and will continue to do so in the coming days and weeks. as a result, the public viewing area that was created this week on the squirrel hill side of the collapse site on forbes avenue will be closed indefinitely, effective immediately. in the interest of protecting the public, pedestrians and vehicles will not be allowed on the stretch of forbes off of s. dallas leading to the site. domi will continue to monitor traffic flow in the area and make adjustments to signal timing as needed. in the meantime, for pedestrians using frick park, tranquil trail is still closed within a 100 yard perimeter of the collapse site. undercliff trail is also closed. clayton loop, biddle trail, and homewood trail remain open. public safety understands how important frick park and the surrounding areas are to pittsburgh residents and visitors. we thank everyone for their continued patience and understanding as all parties work to support the investigation and eventually rebuild the fern hollow bridge. 2/2/2022 10:21:20 pittsburgh bureau of fire holds graduation ceremony for recruit class 131-21 pittsburgh, pa (february 11, 2022) – pittsburgh bureau of fire held its graduation ceremony friday for recruit class 131-21.  the ceremony was held at the teamster temple in lawrenceville. 28 recruits make up the latest class joining the ranks of the pittsburgh bureau of fire. of those, family connections to pbf are strong: one is a third generation firefighter and eight are second generation. there are two military veterans among them. the bureau itself boasts firefighters from diverse backgrounds, including former chefs, police officers, scientists, paramedics, and more –  which works well to prepare them for the unique challenges of firefighting. “firefighters today are expected to respond to everything from fire alarms to structure fires, medical emergencies to hazardous materials situations, from swift water rescues to vehicle extrication,” said president of pittsburgh fire fighters iaff local no. 1 ralph sicuro . “and remember, firefighting is still one of the few professions that makes house calls.” in addition to the experience they already bring to the table, recruits endure an intensive, 32 week program to prepare them for the hazards and challenges of the job. “i daresay these recruits are the best trained, most physically fit, most street-ready to ever emerge from any fire academy in the country,” said pittsburgh bureau of fire chief darryl jones. “we are very proud of that fact.” public safety director lee schmidt spoke of the community that often forms with the job. “you have a whole group of other fellow firefighters that are here to support you. some days are going to be harder than others, but you can persevere and you can make it through as long as you have the support that you need.” mayor ed gainey administered the oath of office after calling for a standing ovation and thanking families. “to the families, i want to say ‘thank you.’ thank you, because at the end of the day, i know you watched them grow as they arrived at this moment. we know the power of love and support and what it does. thank you for your dedication to making them believe in themselves.” after being granted the traditional weekend off after graduation by chief jones, firefighters will begin work with their platoons next week. 11/2/2022 13:46:24 pittsburgh bureau of ems holds swearing-in and promotions ceremony pittsburgh, pa (march 4, 2022) – pittsburgh bureau of emergency medical services held a swearing-in ceremony friday for emts and paramedics. the ceremony was held in council chambers at the city-county building. three new emts and ten paramedics were sworn in during the ceremony. one paramedic received a promotion. romi chaouk, williams mchenry and logan ondos were sworn in as emts. robert catley, willem deboer, ryan kesting, zachary koenecke, brandon prevost, samuel rest, andrew schartner, michael schmidt, cameron rogers and graham weston were sworn in as paramedics. paramedic edward parker was promoted. kicking off the ceremony, ems chief ronald romano directly addressed the families. “thank you for supporting them in the work they do for the city’s citizens. thank you for sharing them with us and understanding when they miss a family event because they are helping someone else.” medical director for the city of pittsburgh dr. ronald roth cited the foundational and revolutionary history of emergency care in pittsburgh by the freedom house ambulance service. established in 1967, it was the first emergency medical service to provide training beyond basic first aid. the team of mostly black paramedics set the standard for emergency care not only for future pittsburgh paramedics, but programs around the country. “this legacy continues today,” he said. “not satisfied with that success, pittsburgh ems is on the forefront of treating victims of opioid overdose. we actually start treating victims in the field. we are one of only three or four other agencies in the country to do this.” public safety director lee schmidt connected that past with the new potential in the bureau of ems. “you are now a part of that history. i want you to think about the future, and think about what we as pittsburgh can continue to do to create new pathways for ems and care for the people we serve. i want you to think of new, innovative ideas that we can implement. bring those ideas forward.” after administering the oaths of office, mayor ed gainey encouraged the newest members of pittsburgh ems to lean on each other, and commended them for their heart to serve the city. “as you serve each other, you will be able to serve the public with greater respect, love, admiration,and tolerance. you will help us build a city that is welcoming.” 4/3/2022 12:48:12 pittsburgh public safety prepares for st. patrick's day festivities pittsburgh, pa (march 10, 2022) – following two years of subdued celebrations due to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, pittsburgh public safety is anticipating a more robust turnout this st. patrick’s day. larger-than-usual crowds are expected to gather for the full return of the annual parade. in addition, the traditional post-parade gathering spots on the south side, downtown and north shore are also likely to see a return to pre-pandemic crowd sizes as covid-19 mitigation measures such as mask-usage and social distancing ease across the united states. “after two very challenging years, it’s understandable that people will be in the mood to celebrate one of pittsburgh’s more beloved traditions; st. patrick’s day,” said public safety director, lee schmidt. “we encourage everyone to have fun and enjoy the day, but to do so safely, remaining mindful that while the worst of the pandemic appears to have waned at this moment, it has not disappeared entirely.” director schmidt reminds everyone that disruptive and illegal behavior will not be tolerated. pittsburgh police and its county and state law enforcement partners will be monitoring crowds for underage drinking, public intoxication, and drinking and driving. officers from the pittsburgh police mounted, motorcycle, bicycle and k9 units will be assisting zone officers on regular patrol. temporary light towers will be positioned in the busiest club and restaurant districts to provide an additional level of security. a reminder that it is illegal to consume alcohol in unlicensed public spaces. open container laws will be strictly enforced. pittsburgh bureau of fire officials and the pa liquor control board will conduct occupancy checks and clear and close any establishment that exceeds occupancy limits. in addition, paramedics and emts from the pittsburgh bureau of ems will be staging near celebration spots around the city. most importantly, please do not drink and drive. we urge everyone to use alternatives such as a designated driver, public transportation, taxis or ride-sharing platforms. drivers are reminded to use proper pullover areas so as to keep lanes clear for public safety access. those drivers who stop and block traffic will be cited. if you do plan to drive, please slow down and use extra care on the roads as an accumulation of between 3-6 inches of snow is predicted. as always, pittsburgh public safety encourages everyone to report any suspicious activity to 9-1-1 and to celebrate safely and responsibly. 9/3/2022 17:34:34 pittsburgh police launch community engagement initiative involving local faith-based organizations pittsburgh, pa (march 22, 2022) – the pittsburgh bureau of police is pleased to announce its partnership with and participation in the onecop (one congregation, one precinct) program to strengthen ties between police and the communities they serve. the national initiative coming to pittsburgh was created by the atlanta-based social change organization, movementforward, inc. onecop is the organization’s signature program which facilitates positive, ongoing partnerships between local law enforcement agencies and diverse congregations of every faith tradition. this includes organizing various crime and violence prevention-solving efforts, hosting public safety briefings, providing cultural and sensitivity training, conducting officer appreciation events, holding community safety workshops and hosting forums focused on improving the relationship between police and citizens. “the onecop initiatve is a cutting-edge enhancement to the community outreach that our law enforcement community has long engaged in. in our continuing efforts to build and expand upon existing relationships with the citizens we serve, we appeal to every faith leader who presides over a congregation to learn more and potentially join in this partnership,” said police chief scott schubert. “during a crisis is not when relationships are built. rather, it’s when relationships grow and become established through a commitment to open conversations happening routinely before the crisis occurs, that makes all the difference.” movementforward inc. ceo reverend markel hutchins says the onecop program is a holistic approach to easing tensions and building trust between the police and the community. “police reform will not happen overnight, and the long-term solution will require a substantial effort to address the grievances and negative perceptions civilians have about law enforcement. collaborations between police agencies and local groups, especially faith-based organizations, are invaluable force-multipliers for creating safer and more engaged neighborhoods.” for the launch of onecop in pittsburgh, media members are invited to attend an inaugural luncheon on thursday, march 24 at the ibew local union 5. in advance of the luncheon, on wednesday, march 23, pittsburgh police and movementforward, inc. will gather a select group of prominent local business, civic and faith-based community leaders to participate in mock training exercises at the pittsburgh police training academy. attendees will experience in-person, officer-civilian reality-based scenarios, including traffic stops and an introduction to the firearms simulator. media is invited to attend and capture visuals of the training stations throughout the afternoon. interviews with pittsburgh police and movementforward, inc. will be possible at the 4:15 p.m. news conference. details below: training day date and time: wednesday, march 23 at 12 p.m. location: pittsburgh police training academy 900 n. lincoln avenue, pittsburgh, pa, 15233 news conference at 4:15 p.m. onecop inaugural luncheon – host, wtae anchor, shannon perrine date and time: thursday, march 24 at 12 p.m – 1:30 p.m. location: ibew local 5, 5 hot metal street, suite 400, pittsburgh, pa, 15203 please direct advance media inquiries to pio@pittsburghpa.gov 22/3/2022 11:50:12 statement from police chief scott schubert following increased violence in pittsburgh pittsburgh, pa (april 1, 2022) – i have been profoundly troubled by the recent spate of violent crimes in the city. in a matter of five days, there have been three shootings that have taken the lives of three young people, aggravated assaults, multiple shots fired, and now, two children, two young boys, have suffered critical stabbing injuries. while the number of violent crimes has been rising around the united states since 2020 and the onset of the pandemic, this is an oversimplified explanation. this is unacceptable in pittsburgh. this is not reflective of the city we know and love. people are clearly hurting. as the pittsburgh bureau of police, we strive daily to work with all of our communities to build a safer, more equitable city for everyone. our officers will investigate all crimes, but we are also there to help, listen, and connect people with valuable social services before a crisis occurs. we urge citizens to utilize pittsburgh police as a resource. we are here to help. we need to do this together. we need to look out for one another and take care of one another. only then will we begin to heal the deep trauma that is at the root of violence. 1/4/2022 11:27:32 pittsburgh bureau of fire holds promotions ceremony for firefighters pittsburgh, pa (april 22, 2022)—pittsburgh bureau of fire held a promotions ceremony in council chambers this morning. jeffrey morris promoted to battalion chief. two firefighters, john gardner and justin jozwiak were promoted to the rank of captain. five firefighters, john elk, lindsay bihler, justin granite, lawrence macko, and stephen williams were promoted to fire lieutenant. “they are not only responsible for themselves, they are responsible for a crew,” said fire chief darryl jones. “their level of responsibility and dedication has to increase significantly.” public safety director lee schmidt addressed the firefighters before administering the oath of office. “thank you to the families for giving up your love ones on so many days to serve and give care to the city of pittsburgh. congratulations to the promotees as you move up through the ranks and become leaders.” congratulations to new pittsburgh bureau of fire battalion chief, captains, and lieutenants! 23/4/2022 09:42:10 pittsburgh public safety prepares for the return of the pittsburgh marathon with parking and road closure reminders pittsburgh, pa (april 25, 2022) – sunday, may 1st is the return of the pittsburgh marathon after covid-19 concerns canceled the annual race in 2020 and 2021. more than 30,000 people will participate in one or more of the weekend races and tens of thousands of others will watch from the sidelines. this is a major event and, as such, residents and visitors to pittsburgh should be aware of preparations, including road closures and parking restrictions. downtown road closures will begin friday at noon on the boulevard of the allies between wood street and stanwix street. this closure will remain in effect through sunday’s final races. additional road closures will occur saturday on the north shore and downtown for the 5k and kids marathon. the new 5k course will allow north shore parking lots to remain open and accessible. sunday will bring the largest number of road closures, affecting multiple neighborhoods, as the course wends 26.2 miles through the north side, west end, south side, east end and downtown. closures along the course route begin as early as 1:30 a.m. sunday morning, may 1. cars that are not moved along the route will be towed. marathon officials have spent months notifying residents who will be affected, and signs have been posted to signify the impending closures. towing will commence at 11:00 pm on saturday, april 30, 2022. for a full list of closures and some alternate routes to travel through the city of pittsburgh, please visit  public safety bureaus (ems, fire, police and emergency management) and city officials will line the course with marathon officials to make sure all goes smoothly. public safety director lee schmidt reminds people that if you see anything suspicious, to call 911. “we welcome back all runners and spectators of the pittsburgh marathon,” schmidt said. “residents along the route should not wait until the last minute to move their vehicles. in the event their vehicle is towed, we will assist them by directing them to its location." 25/4/2022 07:15:59 pittsburgh bureau of ems holds swearing-in and awards ceremony. pittsburgh, pa (may 9, 2022) – pittsburgh bureau of emergency medical services held an awards ceremony followed by a swearing-in monday for paramedics. the ceremony was held in council chambers at the city-county building. two new paramedics, arica greenhow and benjamin upham were sworn in during the ceremony. ems chief ronald romano addressed the families and friends. “i welcome you to congratulate the bureau's members on their accomplishment. it now falls to the newly promoted paramedics to continue the tradition of pittsburgh ems” medical director for the city of pittsburgh, dr. ronald roth praised pittsburgh ems for always leading the way in ems standards. “with all that has been going on in healthcare, you would think pittsburgh ems would be happy dealing with the standard. that is not what pittsburgh ems does; we are always raising the bar.” “we look forward to seeing what you will accomplish,” said public safety director lee schmidt. “we thank your families as public safety is a 24/7 job and not monday through friday.” mayor ed gainey administered the oaths of office after expressing gratitude to ems command staff. “the sacrifice you make going into unstable situations can change a person’s life. we do not see the process you perform, only the outcome. without you the city wouldn’t be safe.” jeffrey gapinski received a civilian service award for his actions with a male in crisis who entered the allegheny river. crew chief shawn eigenbrode, paramedic nicolas d’ambrosio, paramedic chris dobbins, crew chief adam palmer, paramedic matthew branter, and district chief antwain carter all received awards for their performance of duty while on and off the job. congratulations to all! 9/5/2022 12:24:59 pittsburgh police release 2021 annual report pittsburgh, pa (may 11, 2022) – the city of pittsburgh bureau of police is offering its 2021 annual report for the public to review. the bureau takes pride in its accomplishments, constantly striving for improvement and innovation. the annual report is an opportunity to share with the city of pittsburgh a comprehensive overview of the work performed by the bureau’s zone officers and specialty units, as well as a detailed statistical analysis of everything from calls for service and homicide analysis, to arrests and disciplinary action. however, this report is more than graphs, tables, and numbers. it represents people and communities who deserve safe and secure streets and homes. the report also highlights the ongoing community engagement efforts by all of our officers in order to build trust and relationships in the neighborhoods in which we serve. “appointed with this valuable statistical information, the pittsburgh bureau of police strives to move through 2022 with a renewed and conscious commitment to continue building on our successes but, more importantly, learning from and improving in the areas that are calling out for more attention and care,” said police chief scott schubert. “the pbp annual report is a reflection of our commitment to transparency and our crime analysis unit works meticulously throughout the year to provide the most comprehensive report of its kind in western pennsylvania,” says commander eric holmes, head of the crime analysis unit. please find the pittsburgh bureau of police 2021 annual report here:  11/5/2022 14:46:25 chief scott schubert announces retirement from pittsburgh bureau of police (pittsburgh, pa),  may 27, 2022 – after 29 years with the pittsburgh bureau of police, chief scott schubert is announcing his retirement from the force. “following deep reflection and significant discussion with my family, i have come to the decision that it is time to step away from the chief’s position and allow one of my brothers or sisters in blue the opportunity to serve this great city and this storied institution. there has been no greater professional or personal joy than to have represented the city of pittsburgh and the pittsburgh bureau of police," said schubert. over his nearly three decades in public service, he rose through the ranks from patrolman to detective, sergeant, lieutenant, commander, assistant chief, and acting chief before being promoted to chief of police in february 2017. "being a police officer is truly the only profession i have ever wanted to pursue, but not just any police officer. from the time i was a young child i knew that i only ever wanted to be a pittsburgh police officer. i watched my father wear this iconic badge and patch each and every day and i knew i would follow in his footsteps. i have never regretted that decision for one moment. to serve alongside such dedicated and professional officers who continuously put their lives on the line for total strangers will always leave me awestruck. to put on this uniform every morning still fills me with such intense pride, but it's been the opportunity to work with our officers and the community to create a more equitable, safe, and inclusive city of pittsburgh that has been my greatest passion and motivating force as chief,” he added. during his tenure, schubert spearheaded the implementation of the pillars of former president obama's task force report on 21st century policing, the most important of which is to build trust and legitimacy in the community. by establishing a pittsburgh police community engagement office, community resource and neighborhood resource officers created and participated in a number of community engagement-related activities in schools, churches, and neighborhoods that helped build and foster positive relationships between officers and the people they serve. schubert created  partnerships with the pittsburgh steelers, pirates and penguins to build relationships with inner-city children and youth. these partnerships have impacted hundreds of lives and continue to expand each year. chief schubert is extremely proud of his work and relationships with special olympics, 412 boxing, the hear foundation, and onecop (one congregation, one precinct), to name a few initiatives. back in 2016, when he was serving as acting chief of police, the bureau received a community policing commendation from the u.s. justice department for its innovative community outreach efforts in pittsburgh. "my goal has always been to continue implementing the tenets of president obama's report on 21st century policing, building and improving on those principles year after year. one of the programs i'm most proud of, which has grown out of the national initiative, is the creation of group violence intervention (gvi). gvi is a partnership between law enforcement, social services and the faith community to mediate and interrupt violence to keep it from spreading. the bureau has wholly embraced gvi for its emphasis on preventing crime. as the entire country has fallen victim to increased violence over the past two years, i'm confident that the pbp's gvi approach will continue to be the most successful and holistic answer to reducing violence in the long term," said schubert. among the many accomplishments during his time as chief of police, schubert led efforts to: - create a real time crime center (rtcc) to promote increased safety by utilizing crime-solving technology - fully adopt the use of body worn cameras for all officers in a concerted effort to increase transparency and accountability - establish the office of strategy, accountability, and resiliency (osar) responsible for incubating, fostering, and implementing pittsburgh police initiatives; advancing the strategic mission of the chief of police by supporting short-, mid- and long-term goals, while continuously auditing established protocols and procedures to promote economy, efficiency, diversity, accountability and accreditation in the face of external challenges, and adhering to best practices in policy and procedural review and development. - partner with the us attorney’s office -  western pa district, to establish a high intensity drug trafficking area (hidta) unit within the pittsburgh bureau of police. this multijurisdictional unit allowed the pbp to redeploy its focus from street impact, to strategic investigations that identify and disrupt drug trafficking and gun violence at the highest levels. - establish a civil affairs unit to ensure well-trained, experienced and compassionalt police officers serving as liaisons with activists and other stakeholders before, during and after first amendment-protected activities to increase communication, situational awareness and community trust. - make all pittsburgh police policies and procedures readily available on the city of pittsburgh website - publish an extensive annual report with detailed crime statistics, arrest information and a demographic breakdown of the bureau of police to create one of the most comprehensive annual police reports of its kind in western pennsylvania - strengthen ties and increase information-sharing/cooperation with both federal and local law enforcement partners. - enter into an agreement with the allegheny county police department to ensure an independent law enforcement agency investigate all pittsburgh police officer-involved shootings and in-custody deaths. he is also a long-standing member of the major cities chiefs association and the national atf crime gun intelligence governance board. schubert's final day as police chief is friday, july 1, 2022. deputy chief tom stangrecki will serve as acting chief until a new chief is named. schubert is looking forward to new opportunities to merge his public safety skills with his passion for working with the community. the pittsburgh bureau of police and the city of pittsburgh thank him for his tireless and dedicated service to keeping residents safe, creating numerous community partnerships, and documenting the beauty of his beloved city of pittsburgh through his photography along the way. good luck scott! 27/5/2022 09:18:56 pittsburgh public safety announces road closures, advisory for “mayor of kingstown” production pittsburgh, pa (june 21, 2022) – the city of pittsburgh department of public safety would like to inform the public of road closures that will take place for the production paramount plus crime drama “mayor of kingstown.” the first closure will take place on wednesday, june 22 . the public should be advised that this shoot will involve the filming of precision driving and scenes involving recreation of crimes involving firearms. police will be on-scene for added security. the inbound side of riverview avenue (from the playground to the intersection with riverview drive / old davis ave bridge) will be closed. the pool and playground will still be accessible. there will be signs in the area notifying the public about the closures and nature of the production. these closures will be in effect from 7:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. drivers that use this area should find alternate routes for their commutes during that time. there will be additional closures throughout the week for “mayor of kingstown.” these include: wednesday, june 22: intermittent traffic control of brighton road from woods run to schimmer/westborn. these will not be full closures, only small delays occurring periodically from 2:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. thursday, june 23: penn avenue will be closed from 14th street to 16th street. 15th street will be closed from penn to smallman. there may be intermittent traffic control on 16th street with no more than 2 minute holds. closures may last from 4:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. friday, june 24: eckert street will be closed from beaver to geyer. mcclure street will be closed from eckert to woods run. closures will begin at 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. 21/6/2022 16:32:48 update on pittsburgh police officer struck by bullet following violent night in the city (pittsburgh, pa), june 25, 2022 -- the pittsburgh bureau of police would like to acknowledge that, unfortunately, gun violence disrupted neighborhoods in our city once again last night. seven people, including one of our own officers, were struck by gunfire. thankfully no one was killed and we are keeping all of the victims in our thoughts as they recover. "i'm both saddened and angry that we as a bureau were reminded last night of the inherent risks of the profession as officers work to take violent individuals off the streets. we are grateful that our officer is out of the hospital and doing well following this traumatic experience. there is no question that his ballistic vest saved his life. the pittsburgh bureau of police and its peer support team will ensure that he and his family receive all of the assistance they require. these incidents underscore the urgency we all feel to continue addressing the underlying causes of this increased violence. in the meantime, our officers will not waver in their commitment to keep pittsburgh's communities safe and peaceful, answering 9-1-1 calls without hesitation," said police chief scott schubert. 25/6/2022 23:16:19 pittsburgh public safety prepares for fourth of july celebrations pittsburgh, pa (july 1, 2022) - the city of pittsburgh will host its 2022 independence day celebration and fireworks on monday, july 4. there will be multiple festivities for families to enjoy from 4-10 p.m. in point state park ahead of the main attraction, the independence day fireworks display presented by zambelli. the event is a huge summer draw in the city and large crowds are expected to fill downtown, mount washington, the west end overlook, and the north shore. “the department of public safety is looking forward to residents and visitors being able to gather together to celebrate independence day and watch the fireworks light up the skies over our beautiful city. in preparation, the pittsburgh bureau of police, allegheny county police, pennsylvania state police, port authority police, gvi, and street outreach are working closely together along with the pittsburgh bureau of fire, pittsburgh bureau of ems, and the office of emergency management and homeland security, to provide a safe and enjoyable experience for everyone,” said public safety director, lee schmidt. more than a dozen light towers will be in place to provide an added level of security at key intersections and heavily- travelled downtown corridors to help illuminate the way for pedestrians.  to provide a safety perimeter during the fireworks, point state park wharves will be closed to boat mooring on the allegheny and monongahela rivers, but will be allowed on the north shore. drivers should be mindful of  a number of road closures downtown to accommodate the crowds. these will be clearly marked. point state park rangers will be conducting light bag screenings at the park's entrances. for a detailed list of prohibited items, visit  it is important to note that at 9:30 p.m., point state park will be closed to additional guests who haven't made it into the park before the fireworks are set to begin at 9:35. pittsburgh police encourage everyone to take advantage of public transit or ride-sharing options to avoid traffic congestion downtown after the fireworks conclude at 10 p.m. police are working closely with pittsburgh regional transit (formerly port authority) personnel to move people out of the downtown core as quickly as possible to prevent overcrowding at the end of the evening. transit riders should consult schedules, as some bus and rail routes do not operate, or service ends early, on holidays. schedules can be found here:  the public safety director would also like to remind people of the dangers that consumer grade fireworks pose. “we all know pittsburghers love their fireworks and while sales of consumer fireworks are legal, they remain a fire hazard and a safety concern. it is important to remember that fireworks are prohibited in point state park or any city park. in addition, the use of any fireworks, even those that are legal, is prohibited within 150 feet of any occupied structure,” said schmidt. the city’s fireworks task force enforcement initiative that began on june 27 will be in place each night until july 6 to respond to fireworks-related calls and complaints. the fireworks task force is comprised of members from the pittsburgh bureau of fire and the pittsburgh bureau of police. and please do not forget about the welfare of your pets over the holiday weekend. some pets can be extremely sensitive to the loud noises and flashing lights caused by fireworks, prompting them to run away or hide. finally, temperatures are expected to reach highs in the 90s, with little to no precipitation in the forecast. with that in mind, it is important to remain hydrated with the right liquids and seek shelter from the heat and humidity throughout the day if you plan to spend several hours outside. pittsburgh public safety is always here if you need us and we wish you a happy and safe independence day weekend! 30/6/2022 16:23:30 message from pittsburgh police chief scott schubert on his retirement pittsburgh, pa, (july 1, 2022) -- "today is a day of enormous gratitude for having had the opportunity to spend nearly 30 years living my dream and doing the job i love as a member of the pittsburgh bureau of police. never could i have imagined on day one after graduating from the academy, that i would go from working alongside my brothers and sisters on the streets in zone 5, to rising through the ranks as a supervisor, to eventually being sworn in as chief of police in 2017. the experiences i've had while on the force have shaped me for life. there are people and calls i will never forget. this is not an ordinary job. every day police officers work closely with people who are often experiencing one of the worst days of their lives. we must always be there for them without fail and without question. working for - and with - the community is one of the things i will miss the most. to my brothers and sisters in the pittsburgh bureau of police, i pray that you stay safe, lean on your extensive training, and continue to proudly wear our iconic badge and patch. i believe in the work you do and i will always support you. i know that the vast majority of the people we serve believe in you too, and that our role in the community is as crucial as ever. to the families of our fellow officers who went to work one day and did not make it home. i have never forgotten them and their ultimate sacrifice. their legacy of courage lives on in the bureau each and every day. and finally, to the people of this great city, it has been my honor and privilege to serve as your chief of police in the city of pittsburgh, forever my home." -- scott schubert, pittsburgh police chief on july 5, 2022, scott schubert will begin a new position with the fbi as section chief overseeing the global law enforcement support section, a section of cjis, the fbi's criminal justice information services division in clarksburg, west virginia. 30/6/2022 16:32:03 pittsburgh bureau of fire mourns the passing of captain jim ellis pittsburgh, pa (july 13, 2022) -- it is with profound sadness that the pittsburgh bureau of fire announces the death today of a beloved member of its fire family. captain jim ellis was a 23-year veteran of the bureau and a respected leader at station 32 in deutschtown. following an extended illness, captain ellis passed away at allegheny general hospital with his loving family and friends by his side. "jimmy ellis was a 'firefighter's firefighter', a devoted family man, and the consummate professional. he was an asset not only to the pittsburgh bureau of fire, but to the american fire service, having trained firefighters both nationally and internationally. captain ellis was also a military veteran and he spent three years with the wilkinsburg fire department before joining pittsburgh fire, to become a respected mentor and lifelong friend to many in the bureau. he will be deeply missed. rest with god captain, we will take it from here." - pittsburgh bureau of fire chief, darryl jones. funeral arrangements for captain jim ellis will be announced at a later time. 13/7/2022 22:29:21 pittsburgh bureau of fire mourns the death of captain jim ellis it is with profound sadness that the pittsburgh bureau of fire announces the loss of a beloved member of its family. captain jim ellis served faithfully for 23 years with the pittsburgh bureau fire. he passed away at allegheny general hospital on july 13, 2022 after an extended illness. "jimmy ellis was a 'firefighter's firefighter', a devoted family man, and the consummate professional. he was an asset not only to the pittsburgh bureau of fire, but to the american fire service, having trained firefighters both nationally and internationally. captain ellis was also a military veteran and he spent three years with the wilkinsburg fire department before joining the pbf and becoming a respected mentor and lifelong friend to many in our bureau. he will be deeply missed. rest with god captain, we will take it from here." -- fire chief, darryl jones. funeral arrangements for captain jim ellis will be announced at a later time. 13/7/2022 22:10:37 statement on employee's claims regarding vaccine mandate discipline, terminations of first responders recently, a pittsburgh bureau of police detective made false claims on several news outlets that hundreds of first responders including police, fire and ems will face termination under the city of pittsburgh’s covid-19 vaccine mandate. we want to be very clear that there is no threat to public safety. employees are aware that the disciplinary process is on hold while negotiations are underway with their unions. the numbers this police employee is relaying to the public are inflated and erroneous. any further questions should be directed to the city of pittsburgh department of human resources & civil service. letter sent july 1, 2022: {employee,} recently you received a letter from me stating that your religious accommodation request to be exempt from the city of pittsburgh mandated covid-19 vaccination was denied. that decision will remain. however, disciplinary action will be held in abeyance while the city of pittsburgh is in effects bargaining. if you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact me at [redacted]. 14/7/2022 17:15:33 pittsburgh bureau of fire announces applications are now open for first "girls fire camp" in pittsburgh pittsburgh, pa (july 29, 2022) – this august, the pittsburgh bureau of fire will host the first girls fire camp in the city of pittsburgh. pbf invites girls between 15 and 18 years old to jumpstart their career as firefighters and community leaders by learning alongside experienced women in the field. only 20 applicants will be selected for the inaugural camp and all applicants must be residents of the city of pittsburgh. participants will get a well-rounded, real-life look at what it takes to become a firefighter while learning about topics that will fuel empowerment such as fitness and nutrition, emergency medical care, fire science leadership and self-confidence. “pittsburgh bureau of fire recognized the need to close the gender gap that currently exists by confronting gender stereotypes and encouraging women to seek out the fire service as a viable career option. firefighters engage with the entire community, so bringing in people of different backgrounds, genders and perspectives enhances our department's ability to better service our city,” said fire inspector and fire prevention officer lisa epps-cuda. “our hope is that this camp’s focus on encouraging and empowering young women reflects an effort to change a profession in which women are under-represented. we aim to shift the existing trend from traditional “boys’ club” to one that is inclusive to women and minorities.” the application deadline is august 8, 2022. applicants will be notified of acceptance by august 12. the application can be accessed here . for more information, please visit www.pittsburghpa.gov/fire , www.facebook.com/pghfire , or call (412) 255-2863. 29/7/2022 08:30:31 pittsburgh bureau of ems holds promotions and swearing-in ceremony pittsburgh, pa (august 4, 2022) -- the pittsburgh bureau of ems held a promotions and swearing-in ceremony today in council chambers at the city-county building with proud families and friends in attendance. six paramedics successfully completed their probationary period and were sworn in as pittsburgh ems paramedics. alex blystone, marlin davis, nolan mcgrann, kenneth phillips, richard segriff and colin campeau were sworn in as paramedics. sarah geyer, matthew gurriero, william mchenry, john o’rourke, austin saenger were promoted to the rank of paramedic from emt. ems chief ronald romano addressed the families and recognized the sacrifices their loved ones make in order to serve the city of pittsburgh. he also addressed the paramedics themselves. “my staff and i are committed to helping you succeed because when you succeed, this department succeeds. continue to represent the department and yourselves with the highest level of professionalism and dedication possible,” said romano. medical director dr. ron roth congratulated all of the paramedics on their accomplishments, while pointing out that for the emts, working to advance their careers while already holding down demanding ems jobs, is no small feat. “that was an incredible task. to become a paramedic is not easy in itself, but to do it while working is just incredible and that really shows your dedication to the service,” said dr. roth. as a key focus of mayor ed gainey’s administration, public safety director lee schmidt stressed the importance of ensuring that all public safety employees, such as those in the bureau of ems, are well-supported as they experience what can often be stress-filled and emotionally-challenging work days. said schmidt, “make sure you’re taking care of yourself. we see people at the best moments, we can see people we serve people in their worst moments, and those things can be taken home, but we need to make sure we process those things. we have to make sure you’re keeping yourself physically fit, as well as mentally fit.” before administering the oath of office and swearing in the new paramedics, mayor gainey’s chief operating and administrative officer lisa frank reiterated the mayor’s vision for the city of pittsburgh as one that is anchored in the well-being and safety of its residents. “paramedics have a special place in the work that we do and in the work that the administration is trying to accomplish,” said frank. congratulations paramedics! please see facebook for additional photos:  4/8/2022 14:13:44 public safety announces plans for "backyard brawl 2022" and weekend events pittsburgh, pa (august 31, 2022) – the so-called “backyard brawl” returns to the region after an 11-year hiatus. the heated rivalry football game between the pittsburgh panthers and the west virginia mountaineers will take place thursday, september 1, 2022 at acrisure stadium. the nationally televised game is scheduled for a 7:00 p.m. kickoff. the department of public safety is prepared for the expected large numbers of fans outside the stadium for the sold out game, and an estimated crowd of 70,000 inside. road closures will be consistent with those of steelers games. pittsburgh bureau of police cycle units will be assisting with north shore traffic control. “it is great to have the game return here to pittsburgh. we want fans to enjoy the game while also staying safe,” said public safety director, lee schmidt. “there will be zero tolerance for unruly behavior.” police plan to be highly visible in tailgating areas and inside the stadium. the pennsylvania state police and pittsburgh bureau of police mounted units will also provide extra patrols. the pittsburgh bureau of fire and the bureau of ems will be on site for all events this weekend, providing coverage in addition to normal city operations. the city will wrap up the busy weekend by hosting the september 5, labor day parade - the second largest in the country – beginning at 10 a.m., where president joe biden is also expected to make an appearance. the department of public safety encourages everyone to celebrate the weekend responsibly 31/8/2022 08:48:42 pittsburgh bureau of fire holds promotion ceremony in council chambers pittsburgh, pa (september 1, 2022) – one lieutenant was promoted to the rank of captain and three firefighters were promoted to the rank of lieutenant during a pittsburgh bureau of fire promotion ceremony in council chambers. fire chief daryl jones opened the ceremony by emphasizing the officers’ connection with the community and their dedication to service. “the city and its residents rate their fire department based on performance “ said jones. “they say we have a good fire department because the officers relate with them on the worst day of their life. they are well-prepared to take care of us and serve us, and i applaud them.” mayor ed gainey administered the oath of office during the ceremony, before taking time to thank the families and expound on the work behind the promotions. “as much as i want to congratulate these gentlemen, i want to congratulate the families. because if the family nucleus is not strong, these promotions can’t happen,” said gainey. “there’s a difference between success and growth. today you can celebrate your success, but don’t let this be the last promotion.” public safety director lee schmidt addressed the demands of leadership while operating in a first responder capacity. “this promotion is much more than a pay raise. it’s a commitment to be a leader. it’s a commitment to be accountable to yourself and to your company and to the department. it’s a commitment to create more leaders by mentoring them and showing them the way.” anthony horne was promoted to the rank of captain. kirill kuznetsov, randolph meyer and  jason miller were promoted to the rank of lieutenant. 1/9/2022 14:46:14 pittsburgh bureau of fire receives federal assistance to firefighters grant pittsburgh, pa (october 3, 2022) – the pittsburgh bureau of fire is pleased to announce that it has been awarded a $1.7 million fema assistance to firefighters grant (afg). the funds will be used to upgrade self-contained breathing apparatus (scba); part of a firefighter's personal protective equipment ensemble. the regional grant will be shared with etna volunteer fire department, greentree volunteer fire company, and broughton volunteer fire department. the primary goal of the federal grant is to help fire departments across the country meet their emergency response needs. since 2001, the assistance to firefighters grant has helped firefighters and other first responders obtain protective gear, emergency vehicles, training and resources to protect personnel and the public during fires and related emergencies. 2/10/2022 08:37:19 pittsburgh bureau of police holds promotions ceremony for lieutenants, sergeants pittsburgh, pa (october 18, 2022) --  the pittsburgh bureau of police held a promotions ceremony on tuesday at the special deployment division building. two sergeants were promoted to the rank of lieutenant, while three detectives and ten officers  were promoted to the rank of sergeant. timothy novosel and william watts were promoted to the rank of lieutenant. . joseph lippert, dennis baker, cynthia horvath, dylan didomenico, gregory livesey, bruce williams, regis holler, ryan davis, andrew tantanella, jeffrey barone, christopher walker, vincent pacheco and ross patton were promoted to the rank of sergeant. acting police chief thomas stangrecki touched on the importance of strong organizational foundations within the police force and the value of promoting within. “the success of any organization depends on the strength of its leaders,” he said. “the sergeants, officers, and detectives in these front rows are ready and deserving of promotions.” as the officers move forward in their careers, public safety director lee schmidt delivered a reminder about the importance of leading the next generation of officers. “set an example for those to follow in your footsteps. there have been many great leaders who came before you. now, it is your turn to make a path others will follow.” mayor ed gainey delivered the oath of office. he recognized and thanked the families and command staff, and commended the officers for their sacrifices made for the job both publicly and at home. “i know it’s a tough job in today’s environment,” he said.  “thank you. i appreciate your hard work and the long nights you put in.” both lieutenants and sergeants will start work in their new assignment locations this week. 18/10/2022 13:24:48 pittsburgh bureau of police statement regarding police presence during funeral pittsburgh, pa ( november 3, 2022) -- following the tragic shooting incident that occurred outside the destiny of faith church on october 28, 2022, the pittsburgh bureau of police began conducting inquiries into whether police protection was provided during a funeral at the church. command staff interviewed personnel on duty that day and learned a police presence had been requested for the service, but the request was not fulfilled. “we regret that pbp did not provide the presence asked of us on a difficult day. as a matter of policy, we are conducting an internal investigation into what went wrong in this situation. as not only police officers, but members of this community, we consider this totally unacceptable. as previously stated in other briefings, it is our hope that the inactions of a few do not reflect negatively on the actions of many who worked diligently to respond, investigate and bring those responsible to justice in the aftermath of this tragedy, ” said acting chief of police thomas stangrecki. disciplinary action will be issued as warranted and handled internally. as this is a personnel matter, there will no be further information provided at this time. 3/11/2022 13:09:16 pittsburgh public safety readies for annual highmark light up night pittsburgh, pa ( november 16, 2022) – the department of public safety is preparing for the annual highmark light up night festival on saturday, november 19. large crowds are expected in the city center for the 61st anniversary celebration featuring live music, family-friendly entertainment, tree lighting and, of course, fireworks. “there is nothing quite as ‘pittsburgh’ as celebrating the annual light up night tradition in the city. as the days grow darker earlier, this annual festival of light is a bright spot on the holiday calendar. i look forward to gathering downtown with residents and visitors to help usher in the official start to the holiday season,” said public safety director lee schmidt. pittsburgh bureau of police officers assigned to 12-hour shifts will be working closely with their local law enforcement partners – including pennsylvania state police, allegheny county police, and port authority police to help provide security downtown. there will be a mounted unit presence with as many as 17 horses from the pittsburgh police, pennsylvania state police and the allegheny county police department. temporary light towers will also be in place in high-traffic areas to ensure safe corridors. pittsburgh outreach workers will also be on hand, working in cooperation with pittsburgh police. in addition, the pittsburgh bureau of ems will be providing extra medic units, including motorcycles, in case of medical emergencies. river rescue crews will be patrolling the rivers to provide added security for those enjoying the events on and near the water. the pittsburgh bureau of fire will oversee the fireworks grand finale by zambelli at 9:30 p.m. at the allegheny overlook on fort duquesne boulevard, after which pittsburgh police will help direct attendees to the main egress route from the event along liberty avenue. "we hope everyone enjoys the night in a responsible manner, taking advantage of all the great entertainment, shopping and restaurants pittsburgh has to offer. we also urge everyone to assist our public safety personnel by remaining aware of road restrictions and following the traffic flow at the end of the evening to ensure a safe and efficient route home," said director schmidt. road closures and parking restrictions will begin at 6 p.m. on friday, november 18 in the areas bordering the main event corridor along fort duquesne boulevard from stanwix street to seventh street, stanwix and liberty, penn avenue and sixth street, and fifth street at liberty. pittsburgh public safety wishes everyone a safe and festive light up night and holiday season. for more information and event maps visit:  15/11/2022 14:49:11 department of public safety statement on line of duty death of penn hills paramedic pittsburgh, pa (november 28, 2022) -- the city of pittsburgh department of public safety offers its deepest condolences to the family, friends, and colleagues of nicholas a. theofilis of penn hills emergency medical services who was killed in the line of duty as the result of a collision in the shadyside neighborhood overnight. "this tragic incident underscores the dangers first responders face each and every day on the job. no call is an ordinary call and paramedics, police, and firefighters put the lives of strangers ahead of their own as they serve their fellow residents without question or hesitation. pittsburgh public safety supports penn hills ems during this extremely difficult time," said public safety director lee schmidt. the pittsburgh bureau of ems responded and transported three patients from the collision. "as chief of pittsburgh ems, this hits hard. the loss of one of our brothers or sisters in the emergency medical services field is a loss for all of us. the pittsburgh bureau of ems is feeling this deeply. we are reminded of the fragility of life on a daily basis and this tragedy is no exception. we stand with penn hills ems and offer our heartfelt sympathies and ongoing support as the department mourns one of its own," said pittsburgh ems chief ronald romano. incident details:  28/11/2022 10:18:30 pittsburgh bureau of fire holds graduation ceremony for recruit class 132-22 pittsburgh, pa (december 2, 2022) – the pittsburgh bureau of fire held a graduation ceremony today at the teamsters temple in lawrenceville for recruit class 132-22. the 31 recruits, including one woman, began their 32 weeks of training on april 18. during the ceremony, iaff local no.1 president ralph sicuro told the recruits and their families that over his 25 years of service with the bureau he has witnessed tremendous improvements to training, tactics, and the equipment that firefighters use. “to my newest brothers and sister, you have all received the best training there is to offer. you have developed the necessary skills to enter the field, but now you must hone those skills with experience,” said sicuro. fire chief darryl jones reminded the group that on day one of their training he told them that 100% effort was not enough, and that today he was proud to say they had met that challenge. “your sleeves are no longer slick. you now carry the symbol of excellence in the fire service on your left sleeve. you have a responsibility to support the values represented by that shield. remember what it stands for. remember who and what it represents. remember those who have come before you, those who have sacrificed, those who gave all. please don’t let them down. you are now part of something very, very special,” said jones. public safety director lee schmidt administered the oath of office and told the new firefighters that they would experience challenges and trauma on the job that would require them to take care of themselves and their colleagues. “remember to keep yourselves physically and mentally ready. you have a whole group of people, of folks you’ve not only gone through the academy with, but now a much larger family of those who have gone through this before and have done what you're doing. if you need to talk, talk. if something is bothering you, don’t hold it in. talk about it. they’ve been there, they’ve experienced it,” said schmidt. battalion chief michael f. riley presented two recruits with awards earned during their eight months of training. eric darr received the academic achievement award and james ross earned the physical fitness award. the recruits will be assigned to their respective stations to officially begin their tenure with the pittsburgh bureau of fire on monday, december 5. congratulations firefighters! 2/12/2022 14:34:54 pittsburgh bureau of ems holds swearing-in, promotions and award ceremony pittsburgh, pa (december 7, 2022) – pittsburgh bureau of emergency medical services held a swearing-in, promotions and awards ceremony tuesday for emts and paramedics. the ceremony was held in the pittsburgh police special deployment division building. one person was sworn in as an emt and one as a paramedic after successfully completing their probationary periods; a third person was promoted from emt to paramedic. kristy morin was sworn in as an emt. natalie drab was sworn in as a paramedic. nathan orr was promoted to paramedic. ems chief ron romano praised the personnel for their accomplishments, having achieved their new positions while working, attending classes, and attending to family obligations. he assured them that pittsburgh ems is fully invested in their future. "my staff and i are committed to helping you succeed because when you succeed, our department succeeds. continue to represent our department and yourselves with the highest level of professionalism and dedication possible," said romano. medical director dr. ron roth spoke of the deep history behind the program that paramedics represent in pittsburgh. "pittsburgh ems makes a difference in people's lives every single day. pittsburgh was the home of the first paramedics, starting with freedom house, and now it's home for the best paramedics in the country.” director schmidt told the new personnel that they are now part of a larger family of not only ems, but also of city of pittsburgh employees. "we're all here to work together to serve the citizens and visitors of this city. remember you have that family to lean on. when you have those hard times, when you have those bad calls, when you see those things that no one wants to see and no one can forget, remember that you have a group of people here who are willing to talk and listen. remember to talk, don't hold it in, and love on your family as you need to." mayor gainey acknowledged the intensely difficult and emotional work that ems personnel perform in their dedication to public service. he also honored the citizens who put the lives of a stranger in need ahead of their own and were awarded for their selflessness. "i want to thank you because a lot of times we take these stories for granted. we see them on the news, but we really don't hear how scary it can be." in addition to the promotions, several people also received awards, presented by the mayor and chief romano. those recipients are: civilian service award kyle novak (city employee) carrie dvorsak (city employee) dennis eperthener leslie evans paramedic rescue services award paramedic paul warchol paramedic eugenio dinnocente paramedic david naples paramedic caleb shock paramedic suzanne schwebel crew chief john soderberg district chief's award paramedic romayne bendig paramedic daniel berg paramedic rizieri valles paramedic willem deboer paramedic brandon prevost paramedic johathan atkinson crew chief simon taxel crew chief john soderberg district chief russel dimon medical directors award crew chief james dlutowski 7/12/2022 06:34:52 pittsburgh police sergeant carla kearns graduates as member of fbi national academy pittsburgh, pa (december 14, 2022) - on thursday, december 8, 2022, pittsburgh police sergeant carla kearns graduated as a member of the 284th session of the fbi national academy in quantico, virginia. nationally, fewer than one percent of officers have the opportunity to attend the prestigious program. internationally known for its academic excellence, the national academy offers ten weeks of advanced communication, leadership, and fitness training.  on average, officers who attend the program have 21 years of law enforcement experience and must have proven records as professionals within their agencies. in addition to her duties as a pittsburgh police zone supervisor, sergeant kearns manages the pittsburgh members assistance program (pmap), the bureau's peer-to-peer support program for police. during the graduation ceremony, fbi director christopher wray praised kearns for creating the program following the tragic death of fbi special agent sam hicks. hicks was shot and killed during the takedown of a violent drug trafficking organization while kearns was working with him as part of an fbi joint terrorism task force near pittsburgh in 2008. “that event stuck with carla and as she went through the grieving process, carla realized there weren’t enough resources in place for officers struggling to process trauma from their jobs so carla took the initiative to build a peer support program to help other officers who went through similar experiences to make sure they had the support and tools they needed to be well,” said director wray. the 284th session of the fbi national academy consisted of 237 law enforcement officers from 49 states and the district of columbia, as well as from 25 countries, five military organizations, and five federal civilian organizations. a total of 53,908 graduates have completed the fbi national academy since it began in 1935. the fbi national academy is held in the same facility where the fbi trains its new special agents and intelligence analysts. congratulations sergeant kearns! 29/10/2022 10:30:49 pittsburgh bureau of police zone 3 to roll out pilot engagement program pittsburgh, pa (december 16, 2022) – soon, residents in pittsburgh police zone 3 will have a new way to connect with the police in their communities. starting monday, december 19, police in zone 3 will roll out a trial run of axon my90, which is a tool that aims to bridge the gap between officers and the neighborhoods they serve. the program utilizes brief surveys to allow community members to provide feedback on police interactions. the anonymous survey results will be used to identify areas of improvement and increase community engagement and relationships across the board. the pilot program will launch in zone 3 exclusively. so – how does it work? residents will receive a text link for a survey following designated calls for service or police interaction. those types of calls include: prowler hit-and-run stolen vehicle harassment suspicious vehicle theft parking complaints lost property suspicious person criminal mischief loud music landlord/tenant issues crash (no injuries) burglary fraud missing person it is important to note that this survey is optional and completely anonymous. to see if you live in zone 3, check out this map:  you can learn more about the program here:  31/10/2022 18:31:19 public safety prepares for crowds to welcome 2023 on first night pittsburgh, pa (dec. 30, 2022) – as 2022 comes to a close, pittsburgh locals and visitors will gather together downtown for pittsburgh’s annual “first night”  to welcome 2023. traditionally, pittsburgh cultural trust’s highmark first night pittsburgh celebrations draw tens of thousands of people to the city. this is the 29th year for the event. “first night is a longstanding tradition for downtown and the many people who choose to come to pittsburgh to kick off the new year,” said public safety director lee schmidt. “we work very hard to make the night not only safe, but fun and memorable for everyone who chooses to celebrate with us in our city.” members of the pittsburgh police and public safety will be on-hand to help everyone celebrate in a safe environment. officers will be visible in the cultural district and other areas hosting events throughout the evening. “our officers are here to engage with people during the festivities not only as police officers, but as members of the community,” said pbp acting police chief thomas stangrecki. “however, we always ask the public to help us keep everyone safe, as well. if you see something, say something.” as a reminder, police urge people to never drink and drive. use public transportation or uber, lyft and designated drivers. police will actively be looking for impaired drivers throughout the night. for more information on first night celebrations, go to firstnightpgh.trustarts.org. 14/11/2022 18:15:09 pittsburgh public safety announces formation of “office of film & event management” pittsburgh, pa (january 25, 2023) – new in 2023, the city of pittsburgh department of public safety announces the creation of the office of film & event management (ofem). the office operates under the umbrella of the public safety administration. ofem is tasked with receiving and vetting applications for small and large-scale events and film productions occurring within the city of pittsburgh. it is responsible for consulting with both film and event permit applicants to ensure that industry standards, safety regulations, and city policies are followed and met, as well as working with all city departments to ensure proper planning, coordination, and execution of events and film projects. additionally, it will ensure that events and film productions do not negatively impact the city’s operations and remain positive assets to the city and its residents. lastly, this office chairs the special events committee and assists in the safe and effective planning of large scale city-owned events. block party permits will also be handled by this office. prior to ofem, film & event permitting and oversight was part of the office of special events (ose). the office of special events is reinstated to the department of parks & recreation (citiparks) in 2023. originally part of citiparks until 2017, the ose returns to citiparks after six years in public safety administration.  ose will continue to produce free and low cost events including community 5k races, the community festival grant program, dollar bank cinema in the park, various summer concerts, and others. brian katze, formerly special events manager with the office of special events, will lead the new office as film & events manager, alongside anna boekenhauer as film & event permit coordinator. film and event permit applications can be found on ofem’s new city webpage at www.pittsburghpa.gov/publicsafety/ofem . the office may be reached by email at ofem@pittsburghpa.gov . media inquires should be sent to pio@pittsburghpa.gov . all inquiries can be sent to ofem@pittsburghpa.gov . 10/12/2022 18:02:21 statement from pittsburgh public safety director lee schmidt and acting police chief thomas stangrecki on the death of tyre nichols our hearts are with the family and community of tyre nichols as they grieve their son, friend, brother and father; lost to senseless violence at the hands of those sworn to protect and serve. what happened on january 7 was a violent, inexcusable failure by the officers involved. the swift action of tennessee law enforcement to investigate and charge those officers makes a strong statement, and sets an important precedent for the future of police accountability. additionally, we would like to thank all those who have gathered, and continue to gather, for exercising their right to protest peacefully. following the release of friday's video, many have inquired whether pittsburgh bureau of police has a unit similar to the memphis "scorpion unit" that was involved in the death of tyre nichols and has since been deactivated. the pbp does not have a street unit like scorpion, which operated in a capacity to target "hotspot" areas. such a unit will not have a place in the policies or philosophy of pittsburgh bureau of police. we continue our commitment to ensure fair, community-based policing, based in transparency and dignity for those we serve. 15/12/2022 15:45:58 axon my90 survey program now active in all pittsburgh bureau of police zones pittsburgh, pa (february 16, 2023) – the axon my90 survey program, originally test launched in zone 3, is now active in all pittsburgh bureau of police zones, city-wide. axon my90 is a tool that aims to bridge the gap between officers and the neighborhoods they serve. the program utilizes brief surveys to allow community members to provide feedback on police interactions. the anonymous survey results will be used to identify areas of improvement and increase community engagement and relationships across the board. the program was first rolled out exclusively in zone 3 back in december. so – how does it work? residents will receive a text link for a survey following designated calls for service or police interaction. those types of calls include: prowler hit-and-run stolen vehicle harassment suspicious vehicle theft parking complaints lost property suspicious person criminal mischief loud music landlord/tenant issues crash (no injuries) burglary fraud missing person it is important to note that this survey is optional and completely anonymous. you can learn more about the program here:  16/2/2023 15:00:28 pittsburgh bureau of fire holds promotion and swearing-in ceremony for assistant chief, lieutenants, and captains pittsburgh, pa (march 6, 2023) – a new assistant chief was sworn-in, two lieutenants were promoted to the rank of captain, and four firefighters were promoted to the rank of lieutenant during a pittsburgh bureau of fire promotion ceremony. fire chief darryl jones opened the ceremony by praising the specialized training and mastery required to advance within the pittsburgh bureau of fire. “they are going out there dealing with people’s problems; meeting some of them on the first, worst, or maybe even last days of their lives. they are highly trained, highly motivated, highly rated. people are expecting the pittsburgh bureau of fire to take a leadership role in some of these risks and challenges we face today. and we are always up to the challenge.” public safety director lee schmidt spoke directly to promotees about the responsibility that comes with leadership. “this promotion is much more than pay raises. it’s a commitment to be a leader. it’s a commitment to be accountable. it’s a commitment to create more leaders. as new leaders, it’s your job to build on the great things from the leaders that came before you, and start new things for the future of the bureau.” mayor ed gainey administered the oath of office, after speaking about the work of firefighters beyond emergency response and management. “it’s how you show up in these neighborhoods. every community i’ve been to, no matter where it’s at, one thing i’m sure of – fire is going to be there. when kids play on the fire trucks and ask questions, that’s meaningful, because that’s community service.” mathew davis was sworn-in as assistant chief. timothy leech and robert weihaus were promoted to the rank of captain. nicholas leskowak, stephanos lignos and garrett walz were promoted to the rank of lieutenant. 6/3/2023 14:29:51 city of pittsburgh department of public safety prepares for st. patrick's day celebrations pittsburgh, pa (march 8, 2023) - on saturday, march 11th, the annual st. patrick's day parade will make its way through downtown from liberty avenue and 11th street beginning at 10 a.m. the parade will proceed to grant street, turning right onto the boulevard of the allies, before heading to the end of the route at stanwix street. this popular tradition attracts some of the largest crowds in the united states, as tens of thousands of revelers line the parade route. pittsburgh public safety bureaus and their local law enforcement partners will be on hand to ensure the festivities go off without a hitch and that marchers and paradegoers enjoy a safe event. "pittsburgh is the place to be on st. patrick's day, rivaling much larger cities in participation and crowd size for the parade. it's also a day when the city comes together to celebrate and patronize pittsburgh's many bars and restaurants. pittsburgh public safety has been preparing for months with the goal of making it a safe and fun day throughout the city," said public safety director, lee schmidt. following the parade's conclusion, large groups of people are expected to converge on the south side and north shore entertainment districts. drivers can park for free at second avenue parking plaza. (see map below). after the parade, attendees can enjoy downtown or walk across the 10th st. bridge to the south side. the pittsburgh bureau of police will have extra officers in these areas, including the mounted unit on the south side, to handle the heavier-than-usual pedestrian and vehicle traffic, as well as the expected increased alcohol consumption in these areas. to ensure access for emergency vehicles, no parking will be allowed in the public safety lane on e. carson between s.12th and s.18th streets starting early saturday morning, march 11th. signs will be clearly posted 24 hours in advance. as always, police will be watching for public intoxication/cannabis use, open containers, and drunk driving. public safety wants everyone to get home safely by choosing a designated driver or hiring a taxi or rideshare platform such as uber or lyft. rideshare drivers will be directed to designated pickup/drop off areas to reduce vehicle congestion on e. carson street. pittsburgh bureau of fire will be staffing teams of fire inspectors on e. carson and surrounding areas to conduct compliance checks. pittsburgh ems will cover the parade and multiple events in the city with extra personnel, as well as medic cycles, weather permitting. allegheny county sheriff's department deputies will provide law enforcement assistance and the allegheny county health department will be conducting compliance checks at bars and restaurants. the parade goes ahead rain or shine (or snow!), so please dress appropriately for the weather. it is forecast to be moderately chilly with temperatures in the low 40s, dropping into the 30s, with a chance of rain or snow showers in the morning. pittsburgh public safety and the office of nighttime economy encourage everyone to have fun, celebrate responsibly, and arrive home safely. find parade route and event information here:  and search #pghstpatricksday on social media. second avenue parking plaza 8/3/2023 09:11:29 pittsburgh bureau of ems holds swearing-in ceremony pittsburgh, pa (march 10 , 2023) – pittsburgh bureau of emergency medical services held a swearing-in ceremony friday for two paramedics.the ceremony was held in the mayor’s conference room. the two paramedics recently completed their 180-day probationary period and will now begin their advancement through the ranks of ems. alex cappellini and adam croci were both sworn-in as paramedics. ems chief ronald romano reminded the two promotees that they are part of an important tradition in the city. "this is the 48th year of working in pittsburgh, not far off from 50 years. you are now the continuation of that 48 years. it's up to you to keep us moving forward and keep us on the cutting edge of what we do everyday, and i know you're up for the task." associate medical director dr. lennie weiss spoke about emerging from the most challenging time in the history of  prehospital care, as challenges seem amplified in the wake of the pandemic. “now more than ever, we need you. you provide access to emergency care to those who struggle. you support people with mental health needs; you care for victims of illness and injury during the scariest minutes of their lives.you are the patient advocate. as an ems professional, you are a vital asset to our nation and our city." director schmidt reminded the new paramedics that pittsburgh ems grew out of the creation of freedom house in 1967, where first responders developed new and innovative protocols for prehospital care. “remember, as you are now part of this team, that you are also part of building new futures for ems; not just here in pittsburgh, because what we do in pittsburgh spreads around the world." before administering the oath of office, mayor ed gainey recognized the paramedics' families and reminded them of the important role they would play as they serve the city. "there are going to be things they see on the job that when they come home, they're going to need ten minutes just to decompress. they're going to need that love and support." mayor gainey gave the two a chance to talk about why ems is important to them. the paramedics spoke of their desire to help people in the community who may not have the means or access to mainstream healthcare, their love of the city, and the work of ems as a calling. 10/3/2023 14:59:30 pittsburgh ems and the office of community health & safety launch community paramedicine program pittsburgh, pa (march, 14, 2023) -- pittsburgh ems and the office of community health & safety (och&s) are proud to announce the implementation of a community paramedicine program in pittsburgh. as the birthplace of both modern paramedicine and the field of community paramedicine, this is the evolution and advancement of a long-standing tradition of public health-driven care in the city. under the direction of ems community paramedic crew chief john mooney and och&s manager laura drogowski, the program will be designed to address the needs of the most vulnerable in our community. an alarming number of people in pittsburgh are living with untreated conditions - and dying - because they do not have access to resources to manage their chronic health needs. even when services and support systems are available, they are unable to reach them and calling 9-1-1 can become their only lifeline. "the city, through community paramedicine, has a unique opportunity to truly "see" these residents. ongoing support by ems community paramedics and och&s social workers will help connect patients with the proper health services, allowing them to remain stable in their own homes and avoid future hospitalization. this reduces their reliance on the 9-1-1 system and improves patient outcomes," said ems assistant chief, mark pinchalk. prior to the program's official launch, crew chief mooney and ems personnel have been working closely with och&s social workers since late 2021 to provide care to patients outside of 9-1-1 calls. "paramedics and emts most often see these patients on an emergency call basis, unable to help them long-term with their treatable conditions. it's devastating for first responders to regularly witness patients decline in health over multiple visits. with this dedicated, full-time program, we will be able to provide ongoing support for patients, in collaboration with other department of public safety bureaus, community partners, and health systems," said community paramedic john mooney. many of the patients who frequently call ems are living with difficult-to-manage chronic health conditions such as obstructive lung diseases (asthma and copd), diabetes, seizure disorders, and heart disease. patients with higher rates of ems calls also use the emergency system for minor falls, mobility challenges, and mental health issues. if their needs go unaddressed, they can experience increasingly serious or catastrophic outcomes without the ability to access resources outside of calling 9-1-1. recognizing that ems is public health, office of community health & safety manager laura drogowski helped spearhead and design the community paramedicine program. och&s community social workers, in partnership with ems personnel, provide a continuum of care, so that residents may receive sustained, durable, health support. "a devastating number of our residents are in desperate need of assistance, be that medical, social, psychological or systems navigation. the ability to access promised resources can often take hours on the phone, knowing exactly who to call and what to say; even then people fall through the cracks. falling through the cracks means that people die, alone, from treatable conditions. our first responders see them every day. we are committed to changing these outcomes, providing advocacy, connecting patients with resources, and fighting for what is needed," said drogowski. moving forward, the community paramedic crew chief will work with three ems-och&s liaisons and och&s social workers, with intensive engagement from ems colleagues and other department of public safety bureaus to provide patient care, build program infrastructure and referral partners, and train personnel to advance and grow the program. other public health-informed care programs between och&s and public safety bureaus are already operational, including collaborations with the pittsburgh bureau of fire and its people in need of support (pins) program, and with the pittsburgh bureau of police through the trauma survivor assistance program (tsap) and co-response unit - an ongoing pilot program operating in the north side since february 15, 2023. ems community paramedic crew chief john mooney and city of pittsburgh community social worker anmol baxi 13/3/2023 10:22:04 pittsburgh bureau of police holds promotions ceremony for new sergeants and lieutenant pittsburgh, pa, (march 30, 2023) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police held a promotions ceremony today in council chambers as four members advanced to the next stage in their law enforcement careers. sergeant andrew baker was promoted to the rank of lieutenant, while detective anthony barber, detective gino macioce, and officer sean gavin advanced to the rank of sergeant. acting chief of police thomas stangrecki acknowledged that the success of the pittsburgh bureau of police depends on the strength of its leadership team, of which the newly promoted officers are a part. “these individuals have proven their knowledge, skills and ability to be great leaders, as evidenced through their hard work and extra duties that they have taken to achieve this promotion,” said stangrecki. public safety director lee schmidt addressed the promotees, reminding them they have been leaders throughout their careers, which isn't always an easy road. "it means putting respect before popularity, which takes empathy. it means you have to care about your people more than your own discomfort - your own fear, your apprehension, and your awkwardness. you have to have the difficult conversations, you cannot be everyone's friend. true friends won't expect you to treat them differently." before mayor ed gainey administered the oath of office, he acknowledged the importance of police officers having a support system in place. “i just want to say thank you to the families that are here today. thank you, because without love, none of them would get to this level. without love it’s hard to grow up and advance in your career. so today, even though they are being promoted, this is also your promotion.” the promotees will complete two weeks of supervisor training at the academy, followed by three to six weeks of field training before being assigned to their new duty locations. congratulations to lieutenant baker and sergeants barber, macioce, and gavin! 30/3/2023 11:37:28 department of public safety marks retirement of pittsburgh bureau of ems chief, ronald romano pittsburgh, pa (april 3, 2023) - after 45 years of devoted service to the city of pittsburgh, ems chief ronald romano is retiring from the pittsburgh bureau of ems. friday, march 31, 2023 was his last day in uniform. romano began his ems career in 1975 with perman ambulance service in pittsburgh. in march of 1978, he was hired as a paramedic with the city of pittsburgh. he first worked on the city's north side at medic 4, where he spent two years. he was promoted to crew chief and spent five years at medic 3 in the west end and a little more than two years at medic 13, which has since been taken out of service. he rose through the ranks over the years to first become a field supervisor, which later became the district chief position. in february 2005, he advanced to division chief of the ambulance division, a position that also handled all ems planning for major events in pittsburgh. romano became deputy ems chief in march 2016 and was promoted in october 2018 as the city's 7th chief of pittsburgh ems by then-mayor, bill peduto. city council honored his more than four decades of service with a proclamation, declaring march 28, 2023, chief ronald romano day in the city of pittsburgh. during the ceremony, chief romano thanked his wife lucy, his daughters rachel and leah, his son, ron jr. and his extended family for their support over the years. he reflected on the many pivotal moments he experienced during his career, but acknowledged that his most fulfilling accomplishment occurred relatively recently, following one of the most challenging periods during his tenure; the global covid-19 pandemic. "we did not have one employee get admitted to the hospital, let alone pass away during the pandemic. we were able to continue to support the system and put the trucks on the road every day when numerous systems across the country were shutting down. that's a compliment to all of my staff," said chief romano. he told council members and those who gathered for the ceremony, that they may not have known it, but he worried about his ems personnel every day, from the moment he went to sleep, from the moment he woke up. public safety director lee schmidt worked with chief romano in recent years and during his own career in the ems field, prior to joining the city of pittsburgh. "he was always the consummate professional who put his staff and their well-being first. he believed in ongoing training for emts and paramedics and investing in technology to ensure that pittsburgh ems remains one of the most respected pre-hospital care services in the country. his calm nature and dedication to the job will be greatly missed, but chief romano has left the bureau of ems on solid footing and in capable hands." the department of public safety and the city of pittsburgh congratulate ronald romano on his retirement and 45 years of faithful service to the residents and visitors to pittsburgh. 3/4/2023 07:18:22 pittsburgh public safety gears up for annual dick's sporting goods pittsburgh marathon pittsburgh, pa  (may 5, 2023) – ready, set … lace up those running shoes! on sunday, may 7th, more than 30,000 people will take to the road in pittsburgh for the pittsburgh marathon. pittsburgh public safety would like to remind everyone that due to the large scale of the event, residents and visitors should be ready for road closures and parking restrictions. downtown road closures will begin friday, may 5 at noon on the boulevard of the allies between wood street and stanwix street. this closure, and many others, will remain in effect through sunday’s final races. additional road closures will occur saturday for the 5k and kids marathon. you can find a map of those closures and timing here. sunday will bring the largest number of road closures, affecting multiple neighborhoods from early morning hours until completion of the event. you can find those closures and hours here . for a full list of closures and some alternate routes to travel through the city of pittsburgh, please visit  public safety bureaus (ems, fire, police and emergency management), city officials and partnering agencies will stage along the course and across the city to ensure everyone stays safe while having fun. as always, if you see anything suspicious, call 911. public safety director lee schmidt says pittsburgh is excited to host the running community from western pennsylvania and beyond. “this is the second pittsburgh marathon since the pandemic, and we’re looking forward to welcoming even more runners and visitors back to our city,” schmidt said. “as large events continue to regain momentum, there is no better way to celebrate that than with runners as they cross the finish line." 5/5/2023 08:59:51 department of public safety highlights safe, secure marathon and event weekend in the city pittsburgh, pa – (may 8, 2023) – the weekend of may 5-7 was a busy one throughout the city of pittsburgh with the pittsburgh marathon and kid’s events, three pittsburgh pirates games, cinco de mayo celebrations, as well as various concerts, shows and markets, with much of the action concentrated in the downtown, north shore and south side neighborhoods. the pittsburgh bureau of police, pittsburgh bureau of ems, and pittsburgh bureau of fire worked hand in hand with multiple local law enforcement and ems agencies to keep the more than 35,000 marathon participants, as well as volunteers and spectators, safe during saturday and sunday’s races. thanks to their precision planning and communication, there were no major safety or security incidents to report from the marathon, or from the multiple events taking place at the same time. “i’m extremely proud of the coordinated effort by all of our public safety personnel to ensure that the marathon went off without a hitch, while making certain that emergency services to the entirety of the city were uninterrupted,” said public safety director, lee schmidt. pittsburgh ems transported 25 patients from the marathon, mainly for hyperthermia and orthopedic injuries. medics also successfully resuscitated a male runner who experienced cardiac arrest on the street. the patient was alert and talking to ems crews on the way to the hospital. “i want to thank everyone in our public safety bureaus for their work to keep everyone safe this weekend,” said mayor ed gainey. “we hosted tens of thousands of people in pittsburgh to compete and cheer at all of the races this weekend. it was inspiring to see the strength, resilience, and determination of everyone involved in making this weekend possible.” 8/5/2023 14:10:03 department of public safety prepares for busy weekend of events june 2-4, 2023 pittsburgh, pa (june 2, 2023) – summer has arrived in the city with searing temperatures and a lineup of hot events, beginning this weekend. june kicks off with pride month and the 50th anniversary of pride in pittsburgh from june 2-4, 2023. the city of pittsburgh department of public safety will be on hand to support participants and spectators in the pittsburgh pride march and parade at 12 noon on saturday, june 3. participants will begin lining up at 10 a.m. on liberty avenue at 11th street in the strip district. the parade route will proceed westbound on liberty, turn right onto seventh street, continue over the andy warhol bridge onto sandusky street, turn left onto south commons and end in allegheny commons park west for the pittsburgh pride festival. “the department of public safety is thrilled not only to have many of its personnel participating in pittsburgh pride events, but also to be working to keep everyone safe as the march and parade moves through the city. motorists should take note of the parade route and 12 noon start time to plan an alternate route, if necessary,” said public safety director, lee schmidt. for more information about the march & parade, and related pride events visit:  in addition to pride, the pittsburgh pirates play a three-game series against the st.louis cardinals beginning friday evening with a 7:05 game, a 4:05 p.m. start on saturday, and an 11:35 a.m. game on sunday. due to  the number of events taking place simultaneously on the north shore, particularly on saturday, june 3, visitors should plan accordingly, as both foot and vehicle traffic is expected to be heavy. the three rivers arts festival also returns to the cultural district from june 2-11 with 10 days of free music and art. fort duquesne boulevard from stanwix street to ninth street will be closed to vehicles for the entirety of the festival. finally, this weekend is expected to be a hot one with forecasted temperatures reaching into the 90s. public safety encourages everyone to stay properly hydrated and seek shelter when needed. “we want residents and visitors to celebrate the start of summer and enjoy our beautiful city, and to feel safe doing so. it is everyone’s responsibility to report instances of intolerance or any unusual or criminal activity to police, in the interest of making pittsburgh the safest, most welcoming, and thriving city in america,” said schmidt. 1/6/2023 12:46:01 larry scirotto sworn in as newest pittsburgh bureau of police chief (pittsburgh, pa) - june 8, 2023 -- on wednesday, june 7, 2023 larry scirotto was formally sworn in as the 55th chief of the pittsburgh bureau of police in council chambers. city council members unanimously approved scirotto as the new chief in may, following his nomination by mayor ed gainey. a pittsburgh native, chief scirotto brings a wealth of law enforcement experience to the position and enjoys established community relationships within the city of pittsburgh. he was first sworn in as a pittsburgh police officer in 1995, retiring as an assistant chief in 2018 after rising through the ranks and serving in various leadership roles in the department. public safety director lee schmidt told those gathered for the ceremony that he was filled with immense pride as the city entrusted its full confidence and support in scirotto. "to our newly appointed chief, you are stepping into a role of great responsibility, but you do not bear this burden alone. you have the unwavering support of the entire department of public safety, your fellow officers, and the community you serve. i thank you for stepping up to take on this role and for leading the pittsburgh bureau of police into the future," said schmidt. before administering the oath of office to swear in the new chief, mayor ed gainey recognized members of the selection committee and members of pittsburgh police command staff for their diligence and dedication during the process. chief scirotto also thanked the men and women of the pittsburgh bureau of police for their service to the city and reminded them that their hard work does not go unnoticed. "as we move forward, we must acknowledge the challenges that lie ahead and, with it, so too do the complexities of crime. we must adapt, innovate, and be responsive to the changing dynamics of our community. this means embracing new technologies, fostering a culture of continuous learning and promoting diversity and inclusivity within our ranks. we must also strive to build bridges between different communities, fostering trust and understanding of cross-cultural, racial, and socio-economic lines. under my leadership, i am committed to promoting a culture of integrity, accountability and transparency within our police department," said chief scirotto. mayor gainey and city council members took the opportunity to publicly praise scirotto and acknowledge that he takes the helm of the bureau during a challenging time for law enforcement across the country, expressing their full confidence that he is the right person for the job. deputy chief thomas stangrecki has served as the acting chief since scott schubert retired from the position in july 2022. scirotto expects to be state recertified before the end of the month under municipal police officers' education and training commission (mpoetc) guidelines in order to fully carry out his duties. congratulations chief scirotto! 8/6/2023 06:00:06 city of pittsburgh department of public safety prepares for juneteenth celebrations and taylor swift concert weekend (pittsburgh, pa), june 14, 2023 -- the upcoming long weekend of june 16-19, 2023 promises to be another jam-packed four days of events in pittsburgh. with juneteenth celebrations beginning on friday with live performances and vendors, a parade on saturday, juneteenth freedom day fireworks in point state park on monday, june 19, as well as two back-to-back taylor swift concerts on friday and saturday, unprecedented numbers of people will be converging on both downtown and the north shore. "the city of pittsburgh is excited to play host to these two popular events, welcoming both residents and visitors to enjoy all that downtown and the north shore have to offer. the department of public safety has worked hard with organizers of both events to ensure the safety of everyone involved. we ask that anyone who is participating pay close attention to the planned security measures to ensure things run smoothly," said public safety director, lee schmidt. on saturday, june 17, participants and spectators for the juneteenth grand jubilee parade should be aware of the route and subsequent parking restrictions and road closures. the parade forming area is on crawford street between bedford avenue and centre avenue in the lower hill district. this area will be closed by 8 a.m. and the parade will begin at 10:30 a.m. the route is as follows: - right on centre avenue - left on sixth avenue - right on fifth avenue - left on liberty avenue to conclude at commonwealth place on monday, june 19, spectators will gather to watch the juneteenth fireworks display in point state park at 9:35 p.m. due to the large number of people expected for the event, bag checks will be conducted by the event organizer's private security personnel at the park's five entry points. prohibited items in the park include, but are not limited to: alcohol, narcotics, laser pointers, weapons, explosives, and ammunition. the use of grills is also prohibited. for the taylor swift concerts on the north shore, acrisure stadium is reminding all concert goers of the following: -  parking at lots around the stadium will open at 1:30 p.m. both days. only ticketed guests will be allowed to use the parking lots. there is no street parking available on the north shore on concert days. - entry to vip gates 1&2 begins at 3:30 p.m., all gates open at 4:30 p.m., and the music starts at 6:30. - acrisure's clear bag policy is in effect, and a complete list of prohibited items will be listed on the website  - only mobile tickets are accepted and acrisure stadium is a cashless venue - only debit, credit, and digital wallet payments will be accepted. in other cities, as many as 100 thousand taylor swift fans, both with tickets and without, have gathered around the venue areas to be a part of the experience. acrisure stadium is strongly discouraging all non-ticket holders to avoid coming down to the stadium and the north shore, as both will be at maximum capacity. additional foot and vehicle traffic will only create gridlock and slow down the entrance and exit process at the venue. both the department of public safety and acrisure stadium highly encourage concert attendees to use public transit such as  buses and light rail, ride share platforms, or alternate means of transportation such as the gateway clipper to reach the north shore. another option is to park outside of the concert area and walk to the venue when possible. please visit  for comprehensive information and site maps or follow acrisure's twitter  and facebook  accounts throughout the week and weekend. the pittsburgh bureau of police is fully staffed for the concerts, with assistance from their law enforcement partners with the sheriff's department. there will be a visible police presence both inside and around the stadium to ensure everyone's safety. juneteenth events will be fully staffed by pittsburgh police throughout the weekend. department of public safety crossing guards will also be posted at critical intersections and the city's team of reach workers will have a presence during the juneteenth festivities downtown. fire marshals with the pittsburgh bureau of fire will be on hand to ensure that both the fireworks display during juneteenth and the pyrotechnics during the taylor swift concerts adhere to all safety guidelines. there will also be a safety perimeter to restrict boat traffic around the heinz quay boat launch on the north shore where the juneteenth fireworks display will originate. pittsburgh ems will be supporting both juneteenth festivities and the concerts, with the assistance of multiple outside agencies. medics and ambulances will be stationed both inside and around the stadium, similar to deployment during steelers games. river rescue will be patrolling the rivers, as many people are expected to take in the events from the river walk and from boats on the water. "the department of public safety is asking everyone to do their part and plan their trip ahead of time. this will help law enforcement and all public safety personnel protect juneteenth attendees and concert-goers this weekend. with the large crowds expected, please pay attention to your surroundings and protect your personal belongings by bringing as few items as possible when attending either of these events. keep apprised of the weather forecast, stay hydrated, and consume alcohol responsibly.  as always, please report any suspicious or criminal behavior to the police immediately. most importantly, i encourage everyone to have fun and enjoy our great city," said director schmidt. 13/6/2023 14:08:13 statement from public safety director lee schmidt following guilty verdict in tree of life synagogue shooting trial against robert bowers (pittsburgh, pa) -- june 16, 2023 -- "october 27, 2018 will forever be remembered as one of the darkest days in the city of pittsburgh. eleven lives were taken in a horrific act of hate in a place that should have been a sanctuary of peace for members of the three congregations worshipping inside the tree of life synagogue. today, the jury of seven women and five men found the defendant, robert bowers, guilty on all 63 federal charges against him. city of pittsburgh department of public safety personnel who responded to the tragedy have been indelibly marked by what they experienced that day.  the trial has inevitably ripped open wounds that may never truly heal. it is the department of public safety's fervent hope that the verdict brings the victims’ families, and our personnel involved, a measure of justice for those whose lives were lost." - lee schmidt, director of public safety 16/6/2023 13:30:34 the pittsburgh bureau of police mourns the passing of retired police sergeant dawn mercurio (pittsburgh, pa), june 22, 2023 --the pittsburgh bureau of police family is deeply saddened to announce the passing of a beloved colleague and friend. on wednesday, june 21, 2023, sergeant dawn mercurio, age 53, passed away peacefully while surrounded by her loving family, who provided the following statement: "sergeant mercurio fell ill in september of 2020, after being diagnosed with renal cell carcinoma, a rare form of kidney cancer. this left her unable to continue her service to our great pittsburgh communities. dawn served honorably, respectfully, and with great empathy toward those in need. her policing career began in 2007, after she decided to leave the teaching field. after completing the police academy at age 37, dawn’s first assignment was at the zone 2 police station. here she worked as a uniformed patrol officer before being selected for a plainclothes detective position. detective mercurio then transferred to the zone 6 police station where she continued to work as a plainclothes detective before earning a promotion to sergeant early in 2018. she remained assigned to zone 6 before her illness forced her into early retirement at the end of 2021. in addition to her supervisor duties, sergeant mercurio was an adjunct instructor at the pittsburgh police training academy. sergeant mercurio also worked closely with pittsburgh swat as a negotiator. this gave her the opportunity to work alongside her husband, sergeant larry mercurio, who is a long time member of pittsburgh swat. his additional duties include supervising the calvin hall public safety center located in the northview heights section of zone 1. dawn and larry both grew up in sheraden, located in the west end of pittsburgh. their fairytale relationship began at age 12 for dawn and age 13 for larry. they have never left each other’s side since. the couple married on sept 19th, 1995, although larry argues their true anniversary date is february 14th, 1983. this was the day they made their relationship official at the langley h.s. valentine’s day dance. larry asked dawn if she would “go with him,” and off they went forever together, as one. dawn and larry raised three amazing children together. dawn loved them with everything in her. she was deeply faithful and the lord gave dawn the most beautiful gift imaginable when both of their daughters, taylor and alexis, gave birth to dawn and larry’s two grandsons within two days of each other. colton and ryder were born january 22 and january 24, 2023. sergeant mercurio spent her last months of life with a smile ear to ear, playing with her grandbabies and spending precious time with her loving husband and children. while dawn will be incredibly missed, we know for a fact she is in heaven worshiping jesus face to face." - the mercurio family “he will wipe every tear from their eyes, and there will be no more death or sorrow or crying or pain. all these things are gone forever.” – revelation 21:4  22/6/2023 12:14:13 fire investigation unit begins annual fireworks task force (pittsburgh, pa) – june 29, 2023 – as independence day celebrations begin ramping up around the nation, the department of public safety is announcing the start of the fire investigation unit’s annual fireworks task force. the week-long enforcement initiative will run nightly from thursday, june 29 until thursday, july 6, 2023 to respond to fireworks-related calls and complaints. although fireworks are legal to purchase in the commonwealth of pennsylvania, there are a number of rules and regulations regarding their use within the city of pittsburgh: consumer grade fireworks cannot be ignited or discharged on public or private property without the express permission of the property owner fireworks cannot be discharged within 150 feet of a building or vehicle, regardless of whether the building or vehicle is owned by the user fireworks are prohibited in all city of pittsburgh parks, baseball diamonds, or playing fields fireworks cannot be directed at another person or discharged while a person is under the influence of alcohol, controlled substances, or other drugs municipalities may restrict the use of consumer grade fireworks between 10 p.m. and 10 a.m., except for july 2, 3, 4, where they can be displayed until 1 a.m. since july 4 falls on a tuesday this year, they may be used until 1 a.m. on the friday and saturday immediately preceding and following independence day. misuse and/or illegal use of fireworks can result in warnings, citations, arrests and confiscation by the fireworks task force, which is comprised of members from the pittsburgh bureau of fire and the pittsburgh bureau of police. "the goal of the fireworks task force is to allow for the safe usage of legally purchased fireworks as long as they are used in compliance with the laws established by the commonwealth and the laws and ordinances of the city of pittsburgh. the restrictions are in place for the safety of the residents and properties within the city. those who utilize and/or discharge fireworks that result in injury or property damage will be held responsible and they, or their insurance providers, may be liable for damages," said sergeant tom huerbin with the fire investigation unit. and please do not forget about the welfare of your pets over the holiday weekend and the days leading up to the fourth of july. some pets can be extremely sensitive to the loud noises and flashing lights caused by fireworks, prompting them to run away or hide. in the event of a lost or found pet, please call animal care and control at (412) 255-2036 . for urgent situations after office hours, call (412) 255-2935 . 27/6/2023 17:09:52 department of public safety prepares for independence day celebrations in the city (pittsburgh, pa) june 30, 2023 – the fourth of july is fast-approaching with the city of pittsburgh’s independence day 2023 celebration. multiple events are scheduled for downtown and crowds are expected to gather at prime fireworks-viewing locations at point state park, the north shore, mount washington and the west end overlook. point state park will be the central location for the day’s events. from 4 – 10 p.m., the point will feature a family-friendly, picnic-style atmosphere with food vendors, free live music and events. the park will close to new entrants at 9:30 p.m. ahead of the fireworks, which are scheduled from 9:35 - 10:00 p.m. there will be light bag checks from 4pm - 9:30 p.m. at the following locations: liberty avenue and commonwealth place main entrance commonwealth place by the stage fort pitt bridge pedestrian ramp fort duquesne bridge pedestrian ramp allegheny riverwalk fort pitt pedestrian tunnel no boats will be allowed to moor along point state park’s river walks. motorists should pay attention to the following road closures downtown on july 4: liberty avenue from stanwix to commonwealth place, inbound and outbound, will be closed from noon to midnight 376e exit 70a to liberty avenue will be closed during from 12 noon until midnight and traffic will detour to boulevard of the allies commonwealth place will close to vehicle traffic at 4 p.m. police will close fort duquesne boulevard to vehicles should pedestrian traffic become too heavy for vehicles to travel there will be parking restrictions in place on liberty avenue, as well as boulevard of the allies, from stanwix to commonwealth place and commonwealth place from fort pitt to fort duquesne. please pay attention to signage as parking restriction times vary. there’s also a new feature this year on the north shore with a stage set up for live music and a hot air balloon landing on the great lawn area near the allegheny river. this will result in temporary road closures starting at 9 p.m., with detours at: north shore drive at allegheny avenue (carnegie science center) reedsdale street at allegheny avenue reedsdale street at tony dorsett drive reedsdale street at mazeroski way west general robinson street at federal street the roads will reopen immediately at the conclusion of the fireworks. on mount washington , there will be some road closures and detours as people gather to watch the fireworks display. starting at 6 p.m.: grandview avenue will be barricaded at mcardle roadway allowing no entry into the 500 block of grandview avenue merrimac street will be barricaded at virginia avenue, allowing no northbound travel on merrimac street towards grandview avenue east sycamore street travel will be restricted down arlington avenue only - wyoming street will be barricaded at this intersection. wyoming street will be blocked, allowing no northbound travel from virginia avenue in addition, there will be no parking allowed on either side of west carson street, as vehicles often attempt to park and watch the fireworks from that vantage point. a reminder that the fireworks task force will be operating nightly until july 6 to respond to fireworks-related calls and complaints. misuse and/or illegal use of fireworks can result in warnings, citations, arrests and confiscation by the fireworks task force. "as we mark independence day, public safety wishes everyone a great day of celebrations. our first responders play a vital role in ensuring the smooth and secure execution of july 4th events. as always, pittsburgh ems, police, and fire will be present, ready to assist where needed, respond to emergencies, and ensure the safety of all. by prioritizing public safety measures, independence day celebrations can continue to be a cherished american tradition, uniting communities in a joyous and secure environment," said public safety director, lee schmidt. for a full list of the city of pittsburgh’s independence day celebration events, including locations and start times, as well as prohibited items, please visit:  30/6/2023 08:47:32 the pittsburgh bureau of police acknowledges the passing of former police chief, earl buford jr. pittsburgh, pa, (july 31, 2023) --- the pittsburgh bureau of police recognizes the passing of earl buford jr. who, according to his family, died peacefully on july 25, 2023. buford served as the bureau's police chief from 1992 until 1995; the second minority in the history of the pittsburgh police to hold the position of chief of police. he grew up in east liberty and attended westinghouse high school, joining the u.s. army upon graduation in 1960. buford joined the pittsburgh bureau of police in 1968, after earning two college degrees when he returned home from the military. he rose through the ranks of the bureau from patrolman, detective, sergeant, commander, and assistant chief of investigations before being named chief of police in 1992. buford retired from the department after 28 years of service. the pittsburgh bureau of police is thankful for his faithful service to the city of pittsburgh and our thoughts are with his family and friends at this time.  31/7/2023 08:53:52 the pittsburgh bureau of fire announces upcoming planned exercise at point state park and brunot island pittsburgh — the pittsburgh bureau of fire, in coordination with the pennsylvania helicopter aquatic rescue team (pa-hart), is alerting the public to a planned exercise that will take place on tuesday, august 22, between approximately 8:00 a.m. and 11:00 a.m. the exercise simulates a real-world rescue and will include the use of approximately four blackhawk helicopters from pa-hart in the vicinity of the highland park va property where team members will be picked up. from there, some team members will be dropped off at point state park, while others will go directly to brunot island. “we appreciate the cooperation of the pennsylvania department of conservation and natural resources for allowing us the use of point state park, as well as that from duquesne light company and nrg energy for the use of brunot island,” said chief of fire darryl jones. “these tactical training exercises are critical for furthering our existing training and for preparing our teams to conduct safe and efficient rescues in the event of potential future disaster situations.” residents are cautioned that helicopters will be in the area and they should not be alarmed by their presence. ### 21/8/2023 14:33:44 public safety statement following active shooter/critical incident in city's garfield neighborhood pittsburgh, pa – (august 23, 2023) – on wednesday, august 23, 2023, pittsburgh police and pittsburgh swat responded to the city’s garfield neighborhood following calls for shots fired as allegheny county sheriff’s deputies served an eviction notice to the resident of a home in the 4800 block of broad street. multiple units from every police zone, as well as public safety personnel from pittsburgh ems, pittsburgh bureau of fire, and the office of emergency management and homeland security, responded to assist, in addition to our local, state, and federal law enforcement partners. following the nearly six-and-a-half-hour standoff, the subject was ultimately pronounced deceased at the scene by pittsburgh ems, shortly after 5 p.m. there were no serious injuries to any pittsburgh public safety - or its partner agency - personnel. “i am immensely proud of the pittsburgh bureau of police officers from every single unit who responded to the scene immediately to support allegheny county sheriffs as they found themselves under fire," said pittsburgh police chief, larry scirotto. "our officers worked seamlessly and communicated expertly, not only with each other, but also with their local, state, and federal law enforcement partners, under extremely dangerous circumstances. it's clear that our officers relied on their extensive training to prepare them for such incidents. while we had hoped that this incident would not reach this unfortunate conclusion, i am grateful none of our officers was injured in the process of trying to negotiate a peaceful surrender,” added scirotto. in the coming days and weeks, city of pittsburgh social workers and trauma support teams from the office of community health & safety will be making themselves available in garfield and throughout the city to ensure community members have access to the support services they might require following this traumatic event. “our public safety personnel - a family -,  the community of garfield, and indeed the entire city of pittsburgh, suffered a collective trauma today in experiencing this unfortunate incident. i want to commend all of the department of public safety officials who worked tirelessly throughout the day in an effort to bring this to an end. i will ensure that our public safety employees, in addition to community members, are afforded all of the services they need to help process what they have witnessed today,” said public safety director, lee schmidt. pittsburgh public safety would also like to thank all of its local, state, and federal law enforcement partners who assisted in this effort, including: the allegheny county sheriff’s office, the allegheny county police department, pennsylvania state police, the fbi, the atf, north hills srt, shacog swat, hsi, port authority police, the allegheny county crime lab, the attorney general's office, and the allegheny county district attorney’s office. pennsylvania state police will be investigative agency for this incident. 23/8/2023 22:20:39 pittsburgh bureau of fire mourns the passing of lieutenant randolph "randy" meyer, ii pittsburgh — the pittsburgh bureau of fire is grieving the loss of lieutenant randolph “randy” meyer, ii who passed away on august 19, 2023. meyer grew up in hazelwood and graduated from taylor allderdice high school in 2002. he attended the pittsburgh fire training academy and began his career with the department of public safety as a firefighter in june 2007. after a decade and a half of service, he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant in 2022. “randy was an exceptional man who embodied the spirit of what it means to be a firefighter: he was courageous, dedicated, and was always thinking of others. he was an excellent mentor to others in the bureau and he bravely fought his battle until the very end,” said darryl jones, chief of the pittsburgh bureau of fire. “he will be greatly missed.” lieutenant meyer was 38-years-old and passed after a valiant battle with a rare form of cancer; appendiceal cancer. his wife, stephanie, describes how it was randy’s mission to bring awareness to appendix cancer and to the acpmp (appendix cancer pseudomyxoma peritonei research foundation). the department of public safety is honored by his long and devoted service and sends their deepest condolences to his family and many friends.  24/8/2023 08:53:18 department of public safety to review use of force encounter downtown pittsburgh, pa (august 26, 2023) -- the department of public safety is aware of a use of force encounter that occurred during an arrest on the evening of august 25, 2023 on smithfield street at strawberry way downtown. the gainey administration, the department of public safety, and city council are taking this encounter, and the considerable community concern it has generated, extremely seriously and are reviewing all available video footage and gathering as much information as possible pertaining to the incident. as part of this process, public safety will commission an independent use of force review to ensure that pittsburgh police are adhering to current policy, national best practices, and that the bureau's academy and in-service training continues to reflect its' commitment to serving our communities in a safe, fair, and equitable manner. 26/8/2023 18:39:05 department of public safety prepares for a busy labor day weekend with multiple road closures pittsburgh — the city of pittsburgh department of public safety is gearing up for a busy and event-packed labor day weekend that is expected to bring tens of thousands of visitors to the golden triangle and north shore. “we remind everyone that due to the many expected guests coming into the greater downtown area, that if they see something, they should say something and call 911,” said public safety director lee schmidt. to ensure everyone stays safe while having fun, the pittsburgh public safety bureaus—police, fire, and ems—along with local law enforcement partners will be in the area actively monitoring the events. additionally, motorists are advised that due to the large number of scheduled events many area roads will experience significant traffic disruptions. the events and their associated road closures are as follows: soulful taste of the burgh soul food festival runs friday-sunday (9/1-9/3) in market square, ppg plaza, and on boulevard of the allies road closures with a scheduled reopening on monday (9/4) at 3:00 a.m.: forbes avenue from wood street to stanwix street third avenue from wood street to stanwix street market street and graeme street from fifth avenue to market square entirety of market square boulevard of the allies from wood street to stanwix street labor day parade monday (9/4) roads close at 9:30 a.m.; parade begins at 10:00 a.m. parade route: begins at the intersection of centre avenue with crawford street runs along sixth avenue, grant street, and boulevard of the allies ends at boulevard of the allies and stanwix street acrisure stadium kickoff and rib festival runs wednesday (8/30) to monday (9/4), begins daily at 12 p.m. road closures of general robinson and art rooney university of pittsburgh vs. wofford college football game saturday (9/2) at 3:30pm same closures as ribfest, but additional traffic volumes will be present in the area steelers 5k footrace monday (9/4) at 8:00am; with a scheduled reopening of 11:00 a.m. event route : begins at the intersection of allegheny avenue/north shore drive with casino way runs along north shore drive, mazeroski way, general robinson, river avenue, and lacock street ends at acrisure stadium lastly, a helicopter lift operation is scheduled for sunday, september 3, to replace the signs on the top of the federated tower building. the operation will begin by 6:00 a.m. and will last until approximately 6:00 p.m. and will include materials being lifted to and from barges along the allegheny river. grant street will be reduced to one lane each way from 7th avenue to liberty avenue. the impacted road closures are as follows: liberty avenue from grant street to 10th street 11th street from 10th street to liberty avenue waterfront place 13th street to 11th street smallman street from 13th street to 11th street penn avenue from 16th street to 11th street the pittsburgh bureaus of fire and ems, including the fire boat and river rescue, will be on standby throughout the duration of the lift. ### 1/9/2023 14:17:19 pittsburgh police launch new crime data portal pittsburgh, pa (october 4, 2023) – the pittsburgh bureau of police is pleased to announce a new publicly-available dashboard, created by the crime analysis unit, which provides a general overview of criminal activity that occurs across the city. information for the police data portal is collected from the pittsburgh bureau of police (pbp) records management system which stores all records of reported criminal activity. the timeframe for the data is year-to-date for 2023 and will be manually updated on a monthly basis between the first and fifth to reflect the preceding month. as the bureau transitions to the new records management system (rms), it aims to establish as close to a real-time data feed as possible, which would allow for more frequent or automatic updates to the information. “by making comprehensive crime data publicly available and easily accessible, residents are better informed about their own neighborhoods, the city as a whole, and the work of the pittsburgh bureau of police. as chief, i am committed to driving accountability through transparency and the police data portal is another building block toward that goal,” said pittsburgh police chief, larry scirotto. the data portal allows users to filter the information by police zone, neighborhood, crime type, and date. all of the information is provided at the incident level. violent crimes of a sexual nature have been excluded from the data set that populates the dashboard. in addition, no personally identifying information is attached to the incidents and all locations have been masked to the block-level, meaning that no specific addresses are made public. it should be noted that the data included in this portal is gathered from police reports. a police report is a formal document detailing circumstances of a criminal incident that has been brought to the attention of law enforcement. police reports are not the same as "call for service" records. while reports may be filed as a result of a call for service, not all calls result in a police report. check out the police data portal on the city of pittsburgh website:  scroll down the page to the interactive activity map section and click on the "police data portal" link for the dashboard. below is an image for reference. 2/10/2023 12:13:21 department of public safety alerting the public of a nationwide emergency alert system test pittsburgh — the department of public safety is informing pittsburgh residents of a scheduled nationwide test of the emergency alert system and wireless emergency alerts across all wireless and electronic devices. the alert will take place at approximately 2:20pm eastern time on wednesday, october 4, with a back-up test date of october 11. the purpose of the test is to warn the public about emergencies, particularly those on the national scale, and to ensure that the systems that are in place continue to be effective. the federal communications commission (fcc) and fema will conduct the test that will happen in two parts—from the wireless emergency alerts and from the emergency alert system. the wireless emergency alert test will target all consumer cell phones and will display in either english or in spanish, depending on individual language settings. individuals should expect a message to appear on their phones that will read: 'this is a test of the national wireless emergency alert system. no action is needed.' the emergency alert system portion of the test will be sent to radios and televisions. the test message will be similar to the regular monthly emergency alert system test messages with which the public is familiar. it will state: 'this is a nationwide test of the emergency alert system, issued by the federal emergency management agency, covering the united states from 14:20 to 14:50 hours et. this is only a test. no action is required by the public.' for additional information please visit the fema press release at:  . ### 3/10/2023 17:29:36 department of public safety honors retiring medical director dr. ronald roth with proclamation ceremony pittsburgh — the city of pittsburgh department of public safety today celebrated the long and storied career of dr. ronald roth at a proclamation ceremony. for over 21 years, dr. roth served as the medical director for the department, bridging academics, public health, and public safety. "it is a great honor to have worked closely with dr. roth during his long tenure with the city of pittsburgh. we in public safety will miss the privilege of having his extensive medical knowledge readily accessible to us to help create guidelines for our bureaus and protect the city,” said public safety director, lee schmidt. dr. roth was born in pittsburgh to parents lawrence and eleanor roth. he completed emt training in 1977 at penn state university, thus beginning his ems career. in 1982 he earned his medical degree from the university of pittsburgh, where he went on to complete his residency in emergency medicine. during residency, dr. roth staffed a 24/7 physician emergency response vehicle and served as a flight physician on a medical helicopter. he has worked at the upmc presbyterian emergency department for over 30 years. dr. roth is board certified in emergency medicine and was one of the first physicians board certified in the subspecialty of emergency medical services. “at no time was dr. roth’s expertise more evident and more valuable than during the covid-19 pandemic. dr. roth's ability to stay abreast of the very latest national guidelines and best practices to calmly guide the city of pittsburgh through the worst of the crisis, helped to protect employees, residents, and visitors,” added director schmidt. pittsburgh is home to a unique emergency medical services (ems) system where physicians work side-by-side with paramedics and emergency medical technicians (emts); both in the field on emergency calls, but also during expansive training and medical protocol development efforts. “the bureau of emergency medical services is dedicated to saving the lives of pittsburgh’s residents and visitors though prehospital care. it is because of the special relationship that exists between our experienced ems providers and the hospital community, fostered by dr. roth, that we are so successful in the work we do,” said pittsburgh chief of ems, amera gilchrist. “we honor dr. roth and his many years of impassioned service. he has truly left an indelible mark on the work we do every day. and we can take comfort in knowing that dr. roth has prepared his successor, dr. lenny weiss, as the next medical director and that the city of pittsburgh remains in very capable hands.” in his career, dr. roth served as medical director of paramedic training at the center for emergency medicine, director of the upmc ems fellowship, and chief of the division of ems in the department of emergency medicine. currently, he serves as a medical command physician at the upmc medical command center, and as medical director for the pittsburgh marathon and the allegheny county emergency operations center. additionally, he is a team physician for the pittsburgh steelers football club “citizens and healthcare professionals alike are fortunate to reside in pittsburgh, the founding place of ems in our country, because of outstanding local programs like freedom house and the center for emergency medicine. dr. roth has expanded that heritage during a tenure of over 30 dedicated years and carved a future to continue partnerships with the strongest emergency medical service and public safety program in the nation. i am proud to continue his legacy,” said dr. lenny weiss, incoming city of pittsburgh medical director. the entire department of public safety thanks dr. roth for his selfless service to the city and wishes him a happy and well-deserved retirement. 10/10/2023 16:15:35 pittsburgh bureau of fire holds promotions ceremony pittsburgh, pa, (october 12, 2023) -- the pittsburgh bureau of fire held a promotions ceremony in council chambers as fourteen members of the department advanced to the next stage in their careers. eight firefighters were promoted to the position of lieutenant, five lieutenants became captains, and one captain was promoted to the rank of battalion chief. with family, friends and fellow firefighters gathered, fire chief darryl jones spoke directly to the newly-promoted lieutenants and captains, reminding them that they are company officers who are the bridge between the pittsburgh bureau of fire and the public who calls when they need them the most; in the midst of emergencies. "your job is to interact with these people with compassion, with courtesy, with respect, and most of all, with expertise to be able to handle their problem and bring it to a successful conclusion. they have a right, indeed they have the expectation, that when that rig pulls up in front of their house, the people who get off of it are qualified to handle the situation," said chief jones. the chief also addressed his new battalion chief about the responsibilities behind the extra bugles on his collar. "you are making a step above being a line officer and moving into a true leadership position. leadership is a hard position. it takes a strong constitution. it takes moral thinking and hard ethics. everybody wants to talk about the moral decision. a moral decision is not a decision between what's right and what's wrong. a moral decision is between what's right and what's right....so i'm imploring you, challenging you this day, to be strong, to represent the patch that's on your shoulder to be not perfect, but at least excellent." before administering the oath of office, mayor ed gainey acknowledged the families of the newly-promoted personnel. "i want to say thank you. i understand that no one makes it on this journey without a strong family. i believe that. i believe that the family and the pouring of love into the ones who will be recognized today is why we stand here today. without family it could not be done, so i personally want to thank every family member in here today for the sacrifice and dedication you made to your loved ones for them to stand here today and be promoted," said mayor gainey. damian szuch was promoted to the rank of battalion chief. jeffrey green, brian tarbuk, bradley rauterkus, michael mahouski, and richard franc were promoted to the rank of captain. robert richards, fred crawford, michael missonak, robert bailie, korey koeppl, robert revell, ronald warnock, and justin perry were promoted as lieutenants. the entire department of public safety congratulates all of the pittsburgh bureau of fire promotees and thanks them for their service to the city of pittsburgh. 12/10/2023 14:45:29 pittsburgh bureau of police swears in new commanders and sergeants pittsburgh, pa (october 13, 2023) – the pittsburgh bureau of police held a swearing-in ceremony in council chambers for five newly-promoted commanders and three sergeants. lieutenants wanda duncan, lori mccartney, jeffery abraham, anthony palermo, and sergeant brian schmitt were promoted to the rank of commander. joshua haupt, emily myers, and erin palchak were promoted to the rank of sergeant. police chief larry scirotto told the families, friends, and police personnel gathered that he was honored to recognize and promote some of the very best and brightest the pittsburgh bureau of police has to offer. "these positions are the backbone of our force, responsible for not only overseeing the day to day operations, but also for setting an example for the men and women who are under their command. they are the ones who are responsible for ensuring our streets are safe, our communities are secure, and our citizens can rest easy at night. the commanders and sergeants have not only met, but exceeded the high standards we hope for leadership within the pittsburgh bureau of police. they have demonstrated their unwavering dedication to the mission of public service, their tireless efforts to foster positive community relations, and their commitment to the values and integrity of justice," said chief scirotto. public safety director lee schmidt spoke directly to the sergeants and commanders about the expanded responsibilities their new roles entail. "when you work with your officers, listen to them, make sure you are supporting them with what they need - not just what they want - but what they need. sometimes they need someone not to be their friend, but to be their boss...to be there to show them the way," said director schmidt. before the honorable mayor ed gainey administered the oath of office, he acknowledged that with these promotions, the new commanders and supervisors have reached heights in their careers that not every police officer achieves. congratulations to all of the newly-promoted commanders and sergeants! 13/10/2023 12:30:11 pittsburgh bureau of ems holds swearing-in and promotions ceremony pittsburgh — the pittsburgh bureau of ems held a promotions ceremony in council chambers on friday, october 13, as nine members advanced to the next stage of their prehospital careers. dontay parrish and ashton szymarek were sworn in as emts. adam beaver, dominick lazaro, and derrick rodgers were promoted to the rank of paramedic. brian havaran was promoted to the rank of district chief. jennifer mcdermott-grubb and paul sabol were promoted to the rank of division chief. of note, mcdermott-grubb is the first female division chief in the history of pittsburgh ems. jeffrey tremel was promoted to the rank of deputy chief. dr. lenny weiss, medical director for the city of pittsburgh, highlighted to the gathered ems personnel that they are in a challenging time to be prehospital providers, but that pittsburgh needs the work they do every day. “you, as ems professionals, are vital to our city and we need you to do this work more than ever. you provide access to emergency care to those who struggle, support people with mental health needs, treat acute and chronic problems on the streets, and tend to illness and injury during the scariest moments of our patients’ lives. you are patient advocates—on you they depend.” chief amera gilchrist praised her staff for their devotion to the field of prehospital care and emphasized that the day was a celebration of hard work and perseverance. “today is a good day for pittsburgh ems. you are the silent heroes who work tirelessly to save lives, often in the most challenging and difficult circumstances. i honor each of you as you begin this next stage in your careers,” said chief gilchrist. the department of public safety director, lee schmidt, spoke directly to those being sworn-in and promoted. “to our promotees, you’ve shown exemplary dedication to field of emergency medical services. through your knowledge, skills, and unyielding determination you’ve demonstrated your ability to make split-second decisions, provide life-saving interventions, and offer solace to those in distress. your promotion is a testament to your unwavering commitment to excellence in the face of adversity,” said director schmidt. before the honorable mayor ed gainey administered the oath of office, he acknowledged that these promotions would not be possible without the support of each crew members’ family and emphasized that each promotee had recognized the call to embrace greater responsibility and excellence. a hearty congratulations to all those who were sworn-in and promoted in the bureau of emergency medical services! 16/10/2023 21:40:45 office of film and event management encourages block party permits to create safest trick-or-treating experience pittsburgh — with the recently announced official halloween trick or treat hours, the office of film and event management would like to remind residents that they can apply for a block party permit to extend their holiday festivities. typically, block party permits can only be issued on weekends or federal holidays, but halloween is the exception—in an effort to make our local streets the safest possible environment for pittsburgh’s kids as they trick or treat. halloween block party permits are valid from 5:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m. the applications must still meet the rest of the block party permit requirements: the applicant must live on the block being closed permits can only be issued for streets in residentially-zoned areas closures are limited to one block in length permitted block parties must be open to the public and no admission fees can be charged all residents of the requested block must be informed by the applicant of the permit request, and any residents that need to access their homes during the closure must be accommodated if there is a prt route on any street being requested to be closed, a permit can only be issued if a prt detour can be accommodated. churches and other houses of worship are also eligible to apply for block party permits, so long as they are located on the street being requested and the rest of the conditions are met. the fee for these permits is $25 and the application must be submitted by 5:00 p.m. on monday, october 23 , to be accepted. the application can be found at:  . all questions regarding block party permits can be directed to the office of film & event management at: ofem@pittsburghpa.gov . ### 18/10/2023 14:05:34 pittsburgh bureau of police makes transition from uniform crime reporting method to national incident based reporting system pittsburgh, pa, (november 14, 2023) -- beginning today, in accordance with the national shift in crime data collection and reporting methods, the pittsburgh bureau of police will switch over to the national incident based reporting system (nibrs). nibrs is the law enforcement community's standard for quantifying crime, replacing the uniform crime reporting (ucr) method which was formally discontinued on january 1, 2021. with this changeover, the public should be aware that there are important differences between the two reporting methods that result in crime statistics that initially appear to be higher than usual, due to the specificity of the information gathered using the nibrs system. here are some of the key differences between the two reporting methods: changes in offenses - both nibrs and ucr collect data on "crimes against persons" and "crimes against property" for such offenses as homicide, aggravated assault, rape, robbery, burglary, arson, auto theft, and others. but unlike ucr, nibrs also documents the additional category of "crimes against society" which do not actually involve an injured party or piece of property. these would include prohibitions against certain types of activity such as drugs, gambling, pornography, prostitution, and weapons law violations. nibrs also documents offenses such as animal cruelty, extortion, and identity theft. seriousness of offenses - nibrs tends to show higher figures than ucr due to the manner in which offenses are counted. ucr data recognizes the most serious offense committed during an incident, whereas nibrs essentially eliminates the "hierarchy" of offenses, as officers can collect data on up to 10 criminal offenses within an incident. for example, using the old ucr system, in a reported incident where a homicide occurs, but the actor also breaks into the home, vandalizes it, and then steals a vehicle to leave the crime scene, only the most serious offense of homicide would be reported. using nibrs, every offense would be included in one report, provided the offenses are separate and distinct crimes and each are mutually exclusive crimes. changes in crime classification - under the old ucr system, offenses are categorized as part i - serious crimes against persons and property -  and part ii - all other non-miscellaneous offenses. these will be replaced by group a and group b offenses under nibrs. group a is comprised of more than 20 indexed crime categories, as opposed to the eight indexed offenses in the ucr. officers will have to determine which category an offense belongs to in order to determine whether an arrest report or an incident report will be required. under ucr, attempted crimes are reported as crime. the new nibrs system focuses on whether the crime was attempted or completed. nibrs does not allow duplicate offenses based on incident-based reporting (ibr) codes. for example, possession of cocaine and possession of heroin would qualify as one drug offense, not two. as mentioned previously, officers may report multiple offenses, provided they are separate and distinct crimes, each mutually exclusive. pittsburgh police acting commander of administration, patrick fosnaught, headed up the team that has been working since 2021 to build out the new records management and reporting system. "with a great deal of assistance from our partners in allegheny county, as well as help from other police agencies that are currently using the system, the team has worked to meet the more specific needs of the pittsburgh police through data input, design, and focused outputs. the new system will provide better data collection, upgraded functionality, improved performance, and enhanced search and investigative capabilities. all of these will allow officers to focus on police-related tasks, rather than spending valuable time on data entry and outdated processes," says acting commander fosnaught. it should be noted that each law enforcement agency's nibrs system is tailored to the individual state's specifications. data compiled by pittsburgh police, and ultimately reported to the fbi, is in accordance with guidelines required by the commonwealth of pennsylvania. ### source - centralsquare 11/11/2023 08:06:17 pittsburgh public safety prepares for large crowds at annual highmark light up night pittsburgh — the department of public safety is gearing up for the much-anticipated 62nd annual highmark light up night festivities on saturday, november 18. with various venues throughout the downtown area, and seasonable temperatures predicted, large crowds are expected for the celebration that marks the start of the holiday season in pittsburgh. “we are excited to welcome pittsburgh residents and guests to our downtown as we all take part in one of the city’s most festive and joyful events of the holiday season” said public safety director lee schmidt. the pittsburgh bureau of police will work with partnering law enforcement agencies -- including the allegheny county sheriff’s office, allegheny county police, pennsylvania state police, port authority police and state park rangers -- to provide uniformed and plainclothes officers throughout the event space. pittsburgh outreach workers will also be on hand, working in cooperation with pittsburgh police. additionally, temporary light towers will also be in place in high-traffic areas to ensure safe corridors. the pittsburgh bureau of ems will be providing extra medic units in case of medical emergencies and pittsburgh fire and emergency management will be in place for other emergencies. river rescue crews will be patrolling the rivers to provide added security for those enjoying the events on and near the water. “we remind everyone as they come downtown to please be mindful of road restrictions and the high volume of pedestrians who will be out. we want everyone to have a wonderful evening and encourage them to enjoy the night in a responsible manner,” said director schmidt. pittsburgh public safety wishes everyone a happy and safe light up night and holiday season. for more information, including a full list of road closures, detours, parking, public transit options, and event maps, visit:  . 15/11/2023 16:13:05 pittsburgh police mark the passing of therese rocco, pittsburgh's first female assistant chief pittsburgh, pa, (december 12, 2023) -- it is with deep sadness that the pittsburgh bureau of police acknowledges the death of therese rocco at age 97. rocco began at age 19 as a clerk in the bureau's then all-female missing persons unit, before becoming an officer in 1952. also known as "the rock," her storied law enforcement career spanned more than 40 years. she rose through the ranks to become a captain, then a commander in 1986, before being promoted in 1989 to assistant chief of police, the first woman in the department, and the country, to reach such a high-ranking position. she also became a nationally renowned expert in the field of missing persons, particularly children. rocco grew up in the hill district and later lived in brookline, retiring in 1994. "with her courage and tenaciousness, therese rocco blazed a trail not only for women, but for all those who may have once believed a career in law enforcement was out of reach for them. we owe her a debt of gratitude for helping lead the way," said police chief, larry scirotto. in june of this year, therese rocco visited for the first time the room that is named for her at pittsburgh police headquarters; the therese rocco media room. she spoke with the assistant chiefs who gathered to greet her at that time about the challenges she faced as a woman in law enforcement. she also acknowledged the case of mary ann verdecchia, a 10-year-old girl who disappeared in 1962 from bloomfield and was never found. rocco was the lead investigator and said the unsolved case still troubled her. the bureau's thoughts are with therese rocco's family, friends, and former colleagues during this difficult time. on monday, december 18, frank f. debor funeral home located at 1065 brookline blvd. will hold a viewing and prayer service from 09:30-10:30 a.m. pittsburgh police will provide ceremonial honors during this time. a funeral mass will follow at st.teresa of kolkata parish, st. pius x church located at 3040 pioneer avenue. mass will begin at 11:00 a.m. 12/12/2023 06:33:07 department of public safety prepares for first night 2024 in the city pittsburgh, pa, (december 29, 2023) -- following months of planning, the department of public safety is ready to celebrate highmark first night 2024 in the city with a full complement of first responders to keep everyone safe. "the annual first night event is an opportunity to experience and take advantage of pittsburgh's vibrant downtown core, with multiple venues and activities for everyone to enjoy. as the department of public safety, we are committed to ensuring residents and visitors are able to celebrate this annual, family-friendly tradition in a secure environment," said public safety director, lee schmidt. the pittsburgh bureau of police, pittsburgh fire, pittsburgh ems, emergency management and homeland security, and public safety crossing guards will be in place throughout downtown and the cultural district, with additional light towers positioned to illuminate high-traffic areas. pittsburgh police officers will be stationed at several key intersections and the department of public works will be erecting close to 60 barricades to encourage the safe flow of traffic. "no parking" signs will be placed 48 hours in advance of the events, which get underway at 6 p.m. on sunday, december 31, with the dollar bank children's fireworks at 6:05 - 6:10 p.m., culminating with the midnight fireworks from the highmark main stage at penn and stanwix. towing of vehicles will begin on sunday morning at the times posted on the signs that will be placed at points along fort duquesne blvd., the penn avenue corridor, and liberty avenue. inspectors with the pittsburgh bureau of fire will oversee both the children's and grand finale fireworks, as well as the all-new firetree project installation located at 8th and penn in the cultural district. "pittsburgh police encourage everyone to have fun and celebrate responsibly. our officers will be highly visible throughout the evening and available to assist when needed. please do not hesitate to ask for help or report any suspicious or criminal activity," said pittsburgh  police chief larry scirotto. the weather is expected to be seasonal with temperatures forecast in the low to mid-30s with a chance of precipitation. pittsburgh police and their law enforcement partners will be actively watching for impaired drivers and encourage everyone to plan a safe ride home either from a designated driver, hiring a ride-share service such as uber or lyft, or by taking advantage of public transit. pittsburgh regional transit buses and rail service will operate on holiday schedules on january 1, 2024 and on sunday schedules with detours downtown on december 31.  the department of public safety wishes everyone a peaceful and safe first night celebration in the city, and a happy and prosperous new year. for a full list of first night activities, locations, and start times, visit  28/12/2023 17:54:55 pittsburgh bureau of fire holds graduation ceremony for recruit class 133-23 pittsburgh — despite the inclement weather, the pittsburgh bureau of fire held a graduation ceremony today at teamsters temple in lawrenceville as twenty-nine recruits were welcomed as new firefighters to the bureau. recruit class 133 began their training thirty-two weeks ago and have since completed intensive physical training, their emt certification, and numerous fire certifications. during the ceremony, iaff local no. 1 president ralph sicuro commended the recruits on their dedication, determination, and commitment. and reminded them to never lose their passion for what drove them to the firefighting career. fire chief darryl jones spoke directly to the recruit graduates and told them that despite all the training they have recently completed, they are right back at the beginning. “this is just the beginning of a career in service. service to your community, service to your family, service to the fire bureau, and service to each other. the citizens and visitors of the city of pittsburgh judge us according to the level of service we provide,” said jones. “keep in mind, you are meeting people on the worst day of their lives. when they are under immense stress. it is those individuals we serve. and they deserve our absolute best level of service and our deepest respect.” public safety director lee schmidt administered the oath of office and swore in the members of recruit class 133: evan ban, ryan bickert, corey bogaski, kevin brozi, jesse byerly, daniel devinney, jordan diaz, sean dorian, richard fashion, roy grimm, philip jandrokovic, christopher kelley, joe kuhn, brandon murphy, tyler niedermeyer, brian o’leary ii, patrick onufer, marco panaia, hunter reed, nicholas reiser, robert rotondo, joseph schanck, mark schreiner, jr., john scott, matthew skvarna, nathan totino, garrett walsh, craig wilson, and tad wissel. battalion chief michael f. riley presented two recruits with awards earned during their eight months of training. richard fashion received the academic achievement award and hunter reed earned the physical fitness award. the ceremony concluded with an invocation and blessing for the new graduates by the fire bureau chaplain, father michael stumph. after being granted the traditional weekend off after graduation by chief jones, firefighters will begin work with their respective stations next week. a hearty congratulations to all the graduates of the bureau of fire recruit class 133! 19/1/2024 13:47:26 pittsburgh police statement on the release of body camera footage related to the 2021 in custody death of jim rogers pittsburgh, pa (january 30, 2024) -- the pittsburgh bureau of police acknowledges that mr. todd hollis, attorney for the family of jim rogers, has chosen to publicly release the body worn and dash camera footage of the pittsburgh police interaction with jim rogers on october 13, 2021, afterthe federal judge in the civil case granted permission for its release and dissemination. police are aware that content of the video will be disturbing for many to watch and that people will want to know what we are doing to ensure that individuals in police custody are treated with care and respect. in addition to the thorough critical incident review and disciplinary action recommended for the involved officers following the death of mr. rogers, pittsburgh police have since made several policy and procedural improvements. these include: - assigning an officer with the specific task of monitoring prisoners during transfer to the nearest hospital with an emergency room - summoning ems to respond every time a taser is deployed, with medics evaluating the individual on scene - retraining all police personnel on how to avoid single officer tactics - training all officers on the "duty to intervene" - reviewing all body worn camera after every use of force pittsburgh police would again like to take this opportunity to express their deepest condolences to the family and friends of mr. jim rogers and to reassure the public that the bureau and its officers are fully committed to ensuring that all individuals in pittsburgh police custody are afforded the highest standard of care. it is important to note that the city is prohibited from releasing investigative information due to chria, the criminal history record and information act. furthermore, the decision on whether or not to release body camera video to the public does not fall under the city's authority. the federal court issued an order pertaining to these materials under the frierson case, gd no.: 22-523; protective order amending parties stipulation for confidential litigation materials. please find the order attached. the bureau of police and the department of public safety have no further comment at this time. 29/1/2024 18:24:10 city of pittsburgh bureau of animal care and control to pause spay and neuter program pittsburgh — the department of public safety bureau of animal care and control is announcing a pause in the spay and neuter program. the program has historically served city residents by providing no-cost spay and neuter services for pet dogs and cats, and feral cat colonies. city of pittsburgh tax money funds the program to ensure that the population of dogs and cats in pittsburgh remains at sustainable levels. however, during a recent evaluation of the program, it became clear that services were being used in inappropriate ways disingenuous to the spirit of the program. such examples of these program abuses include individuals using the city addresses of friends and family members to bring in animals from outside city limits to take advantage of the service. “the bureau of animal care & control is currently working with our partners at humane animal rescue and animal friends to address some of the issues that have arisen with the spay and neuter program as its use has grown and the associated costs have increased,” said lee schmidt, director of public safety. the city of pittsburgh and the bureau of animal care and control is committed to assisting those resident pet owners most in need with the cost of altering their animals as well as ensuring that the community cat population is kept under control. while the program is paused, staff will evaluate potential applicant criteria in order to develop a program adapted to those goals. “we are excited to build out a more sustainable and equitable program and are looking forward to rolling out a new and improved program to all city residents that also ensures good stewardship of tax payer dollars,” added director schmidt. individuals who have already submitted an application and/or have a spay or neuter currently scheduled will be contacted by the bureau directly. 6/2/2024 12:02:07 pittsburgh bureau of police holds promotion ceremony in council chambers pittsburgh – the pittsburgh bureau of police promoted thirteen of its personnel as family, friends, and colleagues gathered in city council chambers to witness and celebrate their achievements. five officers were promoted to the rank of sergeant, one sergeant was promoted to lieutenant, three lieutenants and one sergeant became commanders, and three commanders were elevated to the position of assistant chief. police chief larry scirotto spoke of the qualities that informed his decision on who should be promoted to leadership roles within the bureau. “when i looked at the list of those considered to be promoted, there is one thing that can’t be measured by arrests, by traffic stops, by other types of metrics that we use in policing…and it’s character. each one of you possess that with the highest regard. it’s not something you’re taught, it’s not something you learn, it’s just innate. that’s why i sit here confident in these promotions. all of you possess exemplary character to represent this bureau well,” said scirotto. public safety director lee schmidt congratulated the newly-promoted supervisors, acknowledging that each one of them has exhibited exceptional dedication, perseverance, and a commitment to public safety. “today we applaud your accomplishments and celebrate the milestones you have reached. a promotion is not merely a recognition of past achievements, but a call to embrace greater responsibility. as you assume your new roles, remember that leadership is not about authority and power, it is about service, compassion, and leading by example. your actions will shape the future of our police bureau and our communities.” before administering the oath of office, the honorable mayor ed gainey took a moment to acknowledge the children and families of those who were being promoted and called attention to the sacrifices they make while their loved ones are keeping the city safe. christopher ragland, martin devine, and richard ford were promoted to the position of assistant chief. william fleske, patrick fosnaught, timothy novosel, and larry mercurio were promoted to the rank of commander. harrison maddox was promoted to lieutenant. officers alexander royal, patrick eaken, jason farrell, kenneth leithner, and joe reiff were promoted to sergeant. heartfelt congratulations to everyone on their promotions! 9/2/2024 12:17:54 pittsburgh bureau of police makes operational changes to better serve pittsburgh pittsburgh, pa -- beginning monday, february 26, 2024, pittsburgh bureau of police personnel will transition from traditional eight-hour work days, back to four 10-hour shifts each week, with three consecutive days off. this organizational change is designed to enhance officer wellness, a key pillar in chief scirotto's priorities for the bureau. "an additional day away from work each week to focus on family, friends, or outside pursuits is key to creating a healthy workforce and contributes to the bureau's goal of not only recruiting new officers, but retaining them for the long haul, " said chief larry scirotto. officers will also be afforded one hour of wellness time each week while on shift to use at their discretion. in addition to the revised work schedule, the bureau is making additional adjustments to more effectively serve pittsburgh residents and visitors to the city. some of the changes are as follows: centralized deployment established for the night shift where police units will be strategically placed throughout the zones staffed by multiple supervisors and a night watch commander who will oversee operations and allocate resources to areas of need throughout the city new watch commander added to the p.m. shift formation of the violent crime division to include homicide, narcotics, intelligence, and the violence prevention unit with the overarching goal of reducing violent crime and gun violence installation of blue phones with a direct line to 9-1-1 outside all six police zones and the downtown public safety center for use between 3 a.m. and 7 a.m. when officers are deployed in the field creation of an enhanced telephone reporting unit (tru) operating from 7-3 a.m. daily, including weekends. dispatch will assign reports to the tru for calls that do not require an in-person response by officers. tru will not be assigned to any "in progress" call where a suspect may be on scene, any crime where a person may need medical aid, any domestic dispute, calls with evidence, or where the mobile crime unit will be requested to process a scene creation of the pittsburgh police cares portal on the city of pittsburgh website modeled on the current zone 1 cares initiative. the online portal will be one-stop shopping for police/community engagement events, safety alerts, monthly crime statistics, and zone/neighborhood-centered news online citizen reporting "following thorough audits of how police resources were being allocated, these improvements are backed by data to ensure that the pittsburgh bureau of police is serving the city in the most efficient and responsible manner, placing the primary focus on areas of concern to enhance quality of life in our neighborhoods, improve community/police partnerships, and prioritize officer wellness. these are my key priorities for the bureau, which will only serve to strengthen public safety in the city," said scirotto. ### 21/2/2024 05:22:41 pittsburgh bureau of fire holds promotion and proclamation ceremony pittsburgh — the pittsburgh bureau of fire held a promotions ceremony in council chambers as five members of the bureau advanced to the next stage in their careers. chief of fire darryl jones opened the ceremony by emphasizing the role that officers play in facilitating connection between firefighters and the community they serve. ”as company officers you are the bridge between the pittsburgh bureau of fire and the public. as that initial point of contact, your level of professionalism and empathy is what’s going to drive people to recognize the quality of service we provide.” public safety director lee schmidt spoke about the responsibility that comes with leadership. “this promotion is much more than just a pay raise. it’s a commitment to be a leader. a commitment to be held accountable. and a commitment to grow and help new leaders come forward. thank you for stepping up and committing to become new leaders in the bureau.” before administering the oath of office, mayor ed gainey acknowledged the families of the newly-promoted personnel. “i want to thank the families. without your support, we would not be here to celebrate the hard work and sacrifices of these firefighters.” the ceremony also served to highlight the forty-three years of exceptional service that maxine anthony has given to the bureau of fire by honoring her with a proclamation. “we recognize ms. anthony, a dedicated public servant whose unwavering commitment to the city of pittsburgh has spanned an impressive four decades. it is with great pride and gratitude that i extend this proclamation, acknowledging her remarkable career and expressing our most profound appreciation for her invaluable contributions to the community,” said mayor gainey. the entire department of public safety congratulates all of the pittsburgh bureau of fire promotees and proclamation awardee maxine anthony and thanks them for their service to the city of pittsburgh. 1/3/2024 16:53:20 pittsburgh bureau of police holds graduation ceremony for twenty-four new officers pittsburgh, pa -- a much-anticipated class of pittsburgh police recruits graduated on wednesday, march 6, 2024 during a ceremony at the community college of allegheny county auditorium. the group of twenty-four men and women from basic recruit class 23-01 began their in-classroom training on july 24, 2023 and is the first group of new officers hired in the city since 2020. training academy commander william fleske welcomed family and friends before introducing chief larry scirotto who implored the new officers to focus as much on serving the community as protecting them. "as you don the badge and embark on this journey, remember that every interaction is an opportunity to positively impact society. there aren't many professions that have the ability to influence society like that of a police officer. engage with the community with an open heart. be a source of reassurance and foster trust with your actions. it is in these moments that you can truly build a safer and more connected community," said scirotto. public safety director lee schmidt also encouraged the new officers to embrace the tenets of community policing as they continue their field training and embark on their careers in law enforcement. "our success as a department hinges on our ability to build strong, trusting relationships with the communities we serve. take the time to listen to the concerns of residents, engage with local leaders, and work collaboratively to address the root causes of crime and disorder. true public safety is a collective effort and you are the frontline ambassadors in that effort." mayor ed gainey addressed the new officers before administering the oath of office, reminding them that they are people first. "before you were a cop, you were a human being. take your human heart and put it on that badge and go serve the community with all your soul and might. every day when you are done, the city should feel better because you were there." said mayor gainey. beginning monday, march 11, the new officers will begin twelve weeks of supervised field training in their assigned zones. congratulations to all of the new officers and welcome to the pittsburgh bureau of police family! 6/3/2024 20:49:53 pittsburgh public safety prepares for busy st. patrick's day weekend pittsburgh, pa -- it's that time of year again when pittsburgh puts its black and gold pride aside to don shades of green and celebrate the city's irish heritage on st. patrick's day. this year, march 17 falls on a sunday, while the st. patrick's day parade will be held on saturday, march 16, making for a full weekend of celebrations in the city. "department of public safety employees from all of the bureaus have been preparing for months to ensure residents and visitors can safely enjoy the parade and entertainment areas of the city this weekend. working closely with the pittsburgh police intelligence unit, i am confident that the city is hosting a world-class parade in which everyone should feel comfortable participating," said public safety director lee schmidt. for more than 150 years, the annual st. patrick's day parade has attracted huge crowds. this year, as many as 200,000 spectators are expected to line the route. the parade kicks off at 10 a.m. on liberty avenue and 11th street at the edge of the strip district, with staging beginning at 26th and liberty at approximately 7 a.m. (see map below) . the route proceeds down grant street from liberty and turns right onto the boulevard of the allies before ending at the reviewing stand at stanwix street. "no parking" signs have been placed along the 1.4 mile long parade route 48 hours in advance of the event, which is estimated to last about three-and-a-half hours. tagging and towing will begin at 6 a.m. saturday morning. pittsburgh police are fully staffed for the parade and festivities downtown, the south side, and on the north shore with law enforcement support from the allegheny county police, pennsylvania state police, and port authority police. pittsburgh ems, fire, emergency management and homeland security, and dozens of public safety crossing guard personnel will also be supporting both the parade and entertainment areas throughout the city. the south side, with its unique entertainment district along e. carson street, has traditionally been the focal point for st. patrick's day revelers. "the south side is known for its hospitality. the residents, business owners, and city of pittsburgh staff are excited to welcome guests from all over the region to our great neighborhood. public safety has assembled an extensive team to keep everyone safe and public works will be on hand to keep the neighborhood clean. i look forward to seeing your irish pride on saturday," said district 3 councilperson, bob charland. starting this weekend and moving forward, pittsburgh police will also have a new substation on mary street which will be open from 7 p.m. to 5 a.m. wednesdays through sundays. this will give officers the ability to attend roll call, complete paperwork, or take breaks when needed, while remaining close to the action on e. carson, rather than having to return to the main station in allentown. the building will not be open to the public and it will not be used as a place to hold or detain arrestees. the department of public safety strongly encourages everyone who is celebrating this weekend to find a safe ride home either from a designated driver, via rideshare platforms, or public transit. this year, there are some convenient new ways to help make that easier. rideshare drivers will have two assigned pick-up and drop-off lanes in the south side. one will be located at s.18th st. from e. carson to wrights way. the other will be at 20-26 bedford square off of s.12th street. these designated lanes will help mitigate foot and vehicle traffic gridlock on carson street when the bars close. if you must drive into the city, please consider parking - free of charge - in the second avenue parking plaza. the large surface lot is a short walk to downtown restaurants and bars, as well as to the south side via the 10th street bridge. (see map below) . the weather is expected to be seasonal over the weekend with temperatures in the 40s and 50s and a chance of showers on sunday, so please dress accordingly. "the department of public safety wishes everyone the luck of the irish this weekend and i ask that you assist our first responders by celebrating responsibly and doing your part to keep our beautiful city safe this st. patrick's day," said director schmidt. for more tips on how to celebrate responsibly please visit the office of nighttime economy facebook page:  14/3/2024 21:10:12 city of pittsburgh office of community health and safety celebrates launch of the law enforcement assisted diversion (lead) program lead is an effective, replicable, and equitable diversion method that seeks to address the root causes of criminal justice involvement. pittsburgh — the department of public safety’s office of community health and safety (ochs) and mayor ed gainey today celebrated the official launch of the law enforcement assisted diversion (lead) program in the city of pittsburgh. the lead initiative is a community-based diversion approach with the goals of improving public safety and public order, and reducing unnecessary justice system involvement of people who participate in the program. it will provide individuals with substance use disorder and mental and behavioral health challenges with intense case management and person-centered social services focused on harm reduction in lieu of criminalization. “when we unveiled the pittsburgh plan for peace, we talked about the need to create high quality, diversionary programs and opportunities for those at risk for falling into a life of violence," said mayor ed gainey. “signing onto this mou will help us provide these types of programs, and is a promise kept to the residents of pittsburgh.” the city has been exploring a diversion program since 2019. in other cities, similar programs have been shown to pay for themselves in the long run by decreasing court costs and crime. thanks to the collaboration amongst various stakeholders, the city of pittsburgh’s program has been awarded funding to cover start-up costs and most programmatic expenses for the first three years. “a law enforcement assisted diversion program has been a work in progress for a number of years in the city of pittsburgh,” said lee schmidt, director of public safety. “we are excited to launch this prevention-focused program that connects critical communities to resources and social services and ultimately allows our first responders to focus on emergent needs.” the program will launch in spring 2024 in police zones 1 and 2 and will center on individuals repeatedly arrested for low-level offenses associated with unmet behavioral health needs, trauma, and/or extreme poverty. examples of such offenses include retail theft, simple possession, possession of paraphernalia, prostitution, public intoxication, simple trespass, defiant trespass, criminal trespass, and disorderly conduct. “the lead program has demonstrated a reduction in recidivism, homelessness, overdoses, and the high utilization of 911 services,” said chief of police larry scirotto. “the pittsburgh bureau of police is proud to partner on such an initiative and looks forward to even better relationships between law enforcement personnel and the community.” lead is made possible through the committed coordination and support of numerous stakeholders, including the allegheny county health department, department of human services, connect, district attorney’s office, public defender’s office, allegheny county courts, allegheny county probation and parole, pittsburgh bureau of police, and the national lead support bureau. additional information on the city of pittsburgh’s law enforcement assisted diversion (lead) program can be found here . ### 11/4/2024 13:57:53 pittsburgh bureau of police updates response protocol for burglar alarms pittsburgh, pa -- in an effort to serve city residents and businesses in the most efficient and effective manner possible, the pittsburgh bureau of police is making adjustments to the manner in which officers are dispatched to burglar alarm system activations in the city. under the current model, pittsburgh police respond to all burglar alarms as priority calls, even if the alarm company is unable to reach the homeowner, business owner, or key holder to verify the alarm. this results in thousands of police staff hours each year for officers dispatched to alarms; the overwhelming majority of which are false. in response to this, the bureau's crime analysis unit was asked to compile data on the number of calls for service in 2023 for burglar alarms, and the police reports generated from those calls. the audit found the following: there were 9,097 calls for service for burglar alarms in 2023 of those 9,097, 39 of those - or 0.43% - generated police reports of the 39 incidents, 6 involved a verified (non-false) alarm, a break-in occurring, and an actor near the incident the majority of the burglar alarms with police reports - 25 out of 39 (64%) - resulted from vandalism or objects being thrown through windows; or in total 25 out of 9097 (0.27%) "these 9,097 calls resulted in 4,166 police staff hours, or 174 days, with an average of 13.5 minutes per unit spent on burglar alarm responses. this is not a cost-effective or productive use of officers' time that could be spent bolstering community engagement efforts, increasing training time, expanding proactive patrols, and prioritizing officer wellness initiatives. several cities across the u.s. have adopted this model which has resulted in cost savings for residents without sacrificing service quality or public safety," says police of chief, larry scirotto. under the new model, officers will be dispatched to the following types of alarms as a priority response: hold-up alarms (human-activated) panic alarms (human-activated) medical alert alarms (secondary to pittsburgh ems) priority locations such as, but not limited to, government buildings, critical infrastructure, firearms sales/storage locations, medical facilities, or any other location where a burglary or unauthorized intrusion has the potential to become a larger threat to public safety verified burglar alarms where the homeowner, business owner, key-holder, witness, or alarm company provides reliable information to support a belief that a crime has happened or is in progress, i.e., video or audio of unauthorized individuals in or around the property, second authentication factor, or eyewitness reports on-scene to verify a break-in multiple progressive alarm activations, i.e. activation of a window alarm, followed by activation of a motion detector alarm inside of the building verified burglar alarms will be dispatched as high priority calls. u nverified burglar alarms will be dispatched with the same level of response given to other non-priority calls for service and placed in a queue. in advance of implementation, chief scirotto has outlined the new standard operating procedure for burglar alarm response in a bureau-wide memorandum to officers. the allegheny county emergency operations center (eoc) has also been made aware of the changes as they pertain to dispatch roles and responsibilities for residential and commercial burglar alarms. upon receiving a burglar alarm activation, eoc dispatchers will attempt to verify the alarm and assign call priority based on whether the alarm is verified or unverified. in an effort to minimize pittsburgh police response to false alarms, the pittsburgh police telephone reporting unit will begin documenting officer responses to false alarms and enforcing city of pittsburgh ordinance 611.07, which pertains to penalties for false burglar alarms. in line with the ordinance, the alarm holder will be permitted two false alarm responses. for each false burglar alarm thereafter, the permit holder will be required to pay a fee. upon the fifth documented false alarm activation in a calendar year, pittsburgh police supervisors are permitted to disregard the call. last year, officers responded to nearly 1,500 repeat addresses, which generated 6,857 burglar alarms - or approximately 75% of all burglar alarm calls. one single address in the city resulted in 81 calls for service for burglar alarms in 2023, reinforcing the need to hold permit holders financially responsible for police response to multiple false alarms. to register your home or business security system, please visit here on the city of pittsburgh website. if you require additional assistance to set up an account, please call the pittsburgh bureau of fire at 412-255-2860. for more information on the city of pittsburgh code of ordinances, visit: here . the updated response model goes into effect april, 15, 2024. 18/2/2024 16:37:44 no results found. back to top contact us city of pittsburgh 414 grant st. pittsburgh, pa 15219 (accessibility entrance on ross st.) view on map 412-255-2621 share & connect like us on facebook follow us on x watch us on youtube get involved careers internships engagepgh explore pittsburgh disclaimers & polices | accessibility | privacy statement | sitemap © 2025 city of pittsburgh, pa | powered by granicus