log out log in register myaccount subscribe newsletters advertise | classifieds | jobs | e-trib high school sports network triblive local sunday, march 9, 2025 western pennsylvania's trusted news source lawrence county added to pittsburgh metro area | triblive.com home local local front - - - - - pittsburgh allegheny westmoreland valley news dispatch regional - - - - - triblive local bethel park journal bridgeville signal item fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north allegheny journal north hills journal norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader plum explosion sewickley herald shaler journal south hills record sports sports front - - - - - steelers/nfl penguins/nhl pirates/mlb - - - - - breakfast with benz mark madden pitt penn state wvu duquesne robert morris - - - - - - - - - - high schools ncaa sports district colleges riverhounds outdoors - - - - - u.s./world sports olympics golf other local podcast network sports betting news news front - - - - - pennsylvania spotlight pa business bridge to business u.s./world health education instagram politics partner news from the newsroom special projects trib videos weather all stories opinion opinion front - - - - - columnists editorials cartoons featured commentary letters to the editor send a letter a&e a&e front - - - - - tv talk with rob owen music concert reviews movies & tv theater & arts events books art & museums crosswords sudoku more a&e lifestyles lifestyles front - - - - - food & drink more lifestyles asking for a friend home & garden travel video - - - - - trib videos obituaries - - - - - obituary stories tribune-review valley news dispatch carnegie signal item fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north journal norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader sewickley herald shaler journal south hills record online only all obituaries western pennsylvania's trusted news source sunday, march 9, 2025 log out log in register myaccount subscribe newsletters advertise classifieds jobs e-trib high school sports network triblive local about us get the trib sections terms of use regional lawrence county added to pittsburgh metro area ryan deto tuesday, aug. 8, 2023 4:04 p.m. | tuesday, aug. 8, 2023 4:04 p.m. go ad-free today! courtesy of city of new castle pictured is the city of new castle in lawrence county. email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. lawrence county, the birthplace of donnie iris, chuck tanner and zambelli fireworks, is now part of the pittsburgh metro area thanks to a revised designation from the white house. the move gives the pittsburgh metro area a population boost of nearly 85,000 people, increasing its total to 2,434,021, based on u.s. census figures from july 2022. the u.s. office of management and budget updated its definitions of metropolitan statistical areas last month. previously, lawrence county had been part of the new castle micropolitan statistical area. lawrence county commissioner dan vogler said the new designation makes sense and is a positive development for the county. “the vast majority of us are steelers fans, but there are still a handful of browns fans here too,” he said. “we look at ourselves to be part of the pittsburgh region, and this helps to solidify that.” but he said the move makes sense from more than just a football standpoint. vogler said lawrence county has only increased its ties to pittsburgh in recent years. in 2009, officials redesignated the former northern portion of route 60 to make it part of interstate 376. the highway now goes south from i-80 in mercer county through lawrence county to pittsburgh, where it continues east to the pennsylvania turnpike in monroeville. with that redesignation, three interstates now go through lawrence county: i-376, i-79 and i-76 (pennsylvania turnpike). while lawrence county has been losing population in recent years along with most western pennsylvania counties, vogler said he sees some signs of growth in the southeastern part of the county. he said new housing developments have popped up there, and he thinks demand for cheaper homes is increasing near the growing population centers in neighboring butler county’s cranberry area. he said the rise of remote work and the county’s easy access to the three interstates position the county for future growth. “we have slowly but surely seen a migration of people from allegheny, southern butler and parts of beaver county,” vogler said. with the change, the pittsburgh metro area now includes eight counties: allegheny, armstrong, beaver, butler, fayette, lawrence, washington and westmoreland. the last time a county was added to the pittsburgh metro area was armstrong county in 2003. chris briem, regional economist at pitt’s center for social and urban research, attributed lawrence county’s addition to changing commuting trends. in a 2021 update of its standards, the u.s. office of management and budget said a micropolitan area would merge with a neighboring metro area if at least 25% of its working residents commuted to the metro area for work and at least 25% of people working in the micropolitan area commuted from the metro area. lawrence county is home to new castle and other municipalities such as ellwood city and new wilmington. vogler said with its proximity to youngstown, there is still some pull to ohio, but most lawrence county residents associate with pittsburgh. lawrence county planning director amy mckinney said the change could help the county increase labor force access. adding lawrence county provides pittsburgh with a bit of statistical mirage. before the county’s addition, the pittsburgh metro area had dipped 0.9% since april 2020. that placed the region in a similar camp with shrinking regions like milwaukee, boston and detroit. with the lawrence county addition, the pittsburgh metro area vaults up the charts for at least one year, even if by a technicality. now, the pittsburgh metro area has a post-pandemic growth rate of 2.6%, which is in line with regions like las vegas, atlanta and nashville. in another change, mercer county was designated as part of the hermitage micropolitan area. hermitage is the county’s largest city, with more than 16,000 residents. mercer county had been part of the youngstown-warren metro area. ryan deto is a triblive reporter covering politics, pittsburgh and allegheny county news. a native of california’s bay area, he joined the trib in 2022 after spending more than six years covering pittsburgh at the pittsburgh city paper, including serving as managing editor. he can be reached at rdeto@triblive.com . remove the ads from your triblive reading experience but still support the journalists who create the content with triblive ad-free. get ad-free > sign up for notifications stay up-to-date on important news from triblive categories: local | regional | top stories email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. more regional stories 5 years after covid struck, pennsylvanians assess the pandemic's impact triblive reporter's quarantine journey with mother becomes award-winning story, book flight 93 memorial supporters step up fundraising as potential for job cuts looms state lawmakers hope pressure, even legislation, can keep penn state new kensington off the chopping block deluzio urges fellow democrats to rethink stance on tariffs content you may have missed news spotlight new year, new countertops: refresh your kitchen or bathroom on a budget vangura partner news what is the importance of life skills in martial arts for children? champion martial arts partner news dodgers leave freddie freeman in los angeles to rest a sore right ankle ahead of the playoffs kdka syria's worst violence in months reopens wounds of the civil war ap top tools for diy auto maintenance in 2025 elusive auto shine partner news the future of live podcasting: beyond conventional broadcasting poduty live's podcast theater partner news piaa sets times, sites for wednesday's 2nd-round basketball matchups triblive facing competition from big tech, states dangle incentives and loosen laws to attract power plants ap ice arrests palestinian activist who helped lead columbia university protests, his lawyer says ap transforming your bathroom: top trends for 2025 mt pleasant window & remodeling co. partner news content you may have missed editor's picks kraftwerk's '70s electropop still sounds as modern as ever authorites reveal causes of death for gene hackman, his wife tracii guns on l.a. guns' new 'leopard skin' album: 'it's definitely not a metal record' crystal light vodka refreshers set to join hard seltzer market 'fiscal prudence' at pitt, cmu means science writers 2025 won't be held in pittsburgh more editor's picks > 1-800-909-8742 fax (724) 779-8743 210 wood street tarentum, pa 15084 © 2025 trib total media | all rights reserved about us about us advertise career opportunities contact advertising contact newsroom contact us feedback request correction resource center scholarship opportunities send letter to the editor send news tip subscribe subscriber services get the trib blog email newsletters etrib facebook home delivery instagram linkedin marketing minute store locations triblive app - app store triblive app - google play x (formerly twitter) sections arts & entertainment best of the best business directory contests lifestyles local news yajagoff obituaries opinion our publications real estate sports video weather terms of use cookie settings privacy policy terms of service top