city bridges - pittsburgh, pa opens in new tab or window 311 service alert beginning at 6pm tonight (3/7), the 311 system will be undergoing maintenance and enhancements and will have limited functionality until 3/10. please call 311 to leave a message, or try submitting again on monday close this announcement skip to main content quick links 311 contact facebook twitter youtube english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language select a language to translate to english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language city of pittsburgh, pa - home - logo open search menu resident services sub-menu trash & recycling sub-menu collection schedule and newsletter curbside pick up commercial recycling special event recycling drop-off info & additional resources anti-litter and illegal dumping 311 sub-menu contacting 311 ada & disability rights sub-menu take our accessibility survey disability resources center statutes & policies city county task force on disability make an accommodations request ccb accessibility entrance file a grievance oep news faqs snow removal sub-menu snow plow tracker snow & ice road maintenance sub-menu street maintenance paving schedule potholes road safety food programs sub-menu after school feeding program summer food program bigburgh pets & animals sub-menu dog license animal control community programming sub-menu love your block city cuts snow angels black pittsburgh matters immigrant and refugee affairs tree resources sub-menu tree planting request tree work forestry division recreation & events sub-menu parks sub-menu our parks for kids for seniors dog parks tennis citisports outdoor activities city farms community garden plots pools sub-menu oliver bath house outdoor pools spray parks pool fees rules citiparks lifeguard events sub-menu farmers markets dollar bank cinema in the park roving art cart artworks concerts footraces holidays at city-county building pistons in the park car cruise pittsburgh cultural activities summer soul line dancing park facilities sub-menu schenley skating rink recreation centers special events sub-menu pittsburgh e-arena tournament annual gingerbread house competition independence day celebration black history month community festivals contact special events special events news about parks sub-menu citiparks phone directory parks rules park rangers park maintenance parks faq film & event management sub-menu important documents special event & block party permitting film permits special events committee public event calendar park permits sub-menu reserve park shelter sports field permit city government sub-menu mayor sub-menu biography 2025 governing agenda mayor's cabinet youth civic leadership academy press releases contact letters of support forms executive orders office of immigrant and refugee affairs my brother's keeper city-county building key focus areas i-team city controller sub-menu about the controller fiscal focus pgh audits & reports pittsburgh watchdog unclaimed property campaign finances disclosure of interest reports city council sub-menu districts clerk's office neighborhoods & wards legislative information council budget office city council contacts boards, authorities, commissions sub-menu member rosters agendas & minutes list of boards, authorities, commissions legal services sub-menu department of law office of equal protection commission on human relations ethics hearing board office of municipal investigations city ordinances file a claim with law right to know jobs sub-menu careers human resources and civil service finances & budget sub-menu taxes new business registration real estate fee schedule campaign finances management & budget contacts & information sub-menu frequently requested numbers city press release archive city channel pittsburgh safety sub-menu police sub-menu police zones police officer recruitment file a police report submit a tip submit a silent complaint compliment an officer police data portal branches about police fire sub-menu fire station location map girls firefighter camp fire permit information annual reports bureau of fire contacts about bureau of fire firefighter recruitment fire safety programs animal care & control sub-menu for pet owners dog licenses spay/neuter program stray animals rodent baiting program beekeeping and farm animal permits living with wildlife animal control faqs emergency medical services sub-menu ambulance division special event operations training division annual reports ems contacts privacy practices become a paramedic freedom house emt training office of community health and safety sub-menu health and safety resources meet the staff community office hours join our team! community engagement announcements & press releases newsletter contact form alerts sub-menu public safety blotter public safety press releases public safety press release archive covid-19 updates public safety sub-menu animal care & control disruptive properties emergency management and homeland security nighttime economy office of film & event management park rangers violence prevention public safety contacts business & development sub-menu city planning sub-menu about city planning city planning meeting calendar city planning public notices commissions and boards historic preservation program public art program neighborhood planning planning projects planning programs development review process guides mobility and infrastructure sub-menu about mobility and infrastructure maps plans current domi projects transportation development review right-of-way management permits, licenses, and inspections sub-menu applications & forms one stop pgh permits licenses bulletins community resources code enforcement condemned buildings pli fees building codes appeals pli contacts announcements registrations innovation & performance sub-menu pittsburgh digital equity coalition public works sub-menu about public works contact public works environmental services architecture division street maintenance bureau forestry division zoning sub-menu zoning faq planning application and process planning reviews, public notices and public hearings housing gis sub-menu downloadable maps & data gis links & resources interactive maps address request new street name request procurement sub-menu welcome to beacon faqs bid opportunities procurement resources city buying plan pgh lab sub-menu benefits alumni startup resources faq contact us sustainability sub-menu climate action plan resilient pittsburgh food systems sustainability & resilience library affiliations & memberships environmental planning and review search you are here : home / business & development / mobility and infrastructure / plans / city bridges in this section city planning mobility and infrastructure about mobility and infrastructure maps plans traffic alerts and advisories city bridges bike(+) plan city steps mobility neighborways pedestrian safety action plan pedestrian wayfinding kiosk project 2070 mobility vision plan strip district mobility plan the homewood mobility plan current domi projects transportation development review right-of-way management permits, licenses, and inspections innovation & performance public works zoning gis procurement pgh lab sustainability city bridges charles anderson memorial bridge 30th street bridge e.h. swindell bridge fern hollow bridge lowrie street bridge west ohio street bridge the city of pittsburgh owns 143 active bridges that span and climb our uneven terrain of rivers, runs, and valleys. these structures safely and efficiently connect 90 distinct neighborhoods into one unified community that we live, work, and play in. their unrivaled scale, variety, and history are recognized worldwide and have proudly earned us our status as “the city of bridges.” our bridges link us back to our industrial heritage while enabling transportation for millions of people and goods traveling today. whether they cross a secluded park trail or the banks of the monongahela river, each has a unique design and purpose. the department of mobility and infrastructure is responsible for city bridge improvement and maintenance and works to ensure that all of our assets continue to support the mobility needs of pittsburgh well into the future. visit our city bridge dashboard to learn more about each bridge, including information and links to upcoming projects: city bridge map faq: who should i contact if i want to report a safety or maintenance concern? for any immediate, urgent emergencies, please first call 9-1-1. for all other concerns, please contact us through calling 3-1-1 or submitting a request online (if submitting online, select “bridge maintenance” as the request type.) domi reviews all submitted requests concerning the public right-of-way and its associated infrastructure. how does the city prioritize which bridges to repair? which bridges are being repaired now? domi uses a wide range of criteria when evaluating and prioritizing bridge improvements. our first goal is always maintaining public safety, and we respond to urgent needs as identified by our personnel or inspections. large scale rehabilitation or replacement projects are judged by factors including estimated remaining life, traffic volumes, truck and emergency vehicle usage, potential detour lengths, proximity to public services, available funding eligibility, and others. besides the city bridges dashboard, you can also check the domi project map to see ongoing projects from across the department and the city’s engagepgh page to keep up with updates and provide input on upcoming projects. where does the funding for bridge projects come from? bridge funding comes from a variety of places. most large projects are eligible for and receive a majority of their total cost from federal, state, private, or other investments routed through transportation improvement programs (tip), coordinated by the southwestern pennsylvania commission (spc). others receive the backing of unique grants, such as the american rescue plan (arp), passed federally in 2021. local, or city, contributions cover most routine maintenance and other priorities that don’t match with outside sources. domi funding, along with all other city departments, is split between operating, or day-to-day, and capital, or major projects, budgets. it is authorized annually following input from the city’s office of management and budget, the mayor, community outreach, and final approval from the city council. you can learn more about the city’s budget process and how to weigh in here at engagepgh . why does it take so long to repair bridges? outside of emergency work, typical federally-funded projects can take upwards of five years to progress from initial project planning through engineering. the process must pass through state and federal oversight and follow their respective design and project development requirements. bridge projects involve frequent coordination with a varied set of stakeholders, including regional, state, and federal partners, utility companies, adjacent residents and property owners, and other city services. domi is currently managing over a dozen major rehabilitation projects in phases ranging from preliminary engineering to construction, while also with keeping up with small repairs and maintenance of many more. this requires careful prioritization to best manage resources and staff capacity, along with that of our consultants and contractors. shortening project timelines would limit the number of concurrent projects that we could process simultaneously. many of our city bridges are recognized as individually eligible or are listed as contributing resources in the national register of historic places (nrhp). rehabilitation of these structures requires more robust analysis in order to maintain their historic character. while we are fortunate to have these distinguished assets connecting us to our past, they were often designed for lighter vehicles or with different principles than newer bridges are today. this adds some complexity as we work to update and modernize our inventory to better serve the public. why did the fern hollow bridge collapse? what changes have been made since then? in january 2022, the fern hollow bridge carrying forbes avenue over frick park experienced structural failure and fell into the valley below. you can read about the national transportation safety board’s findings into the probable causes, along with their safety recommendations to the city of pittsburgh and other stakeholders here:  in response, the city of pittsburgh later that year released the comprehensive bridge asset management report, the largest analysis of our bridge inventory in our city’s history. city staff, outside experts, and consulting engineering firms reviewed all bridge inspection reports, conducted new on-site inspections, developed new priority repairs, revised procurement and contract policies, and connected with new funding sources. the city has since kicked off a new bridge asset management program. we have increased our bridge personnel and created a new, dedicated bridge maintenance division. in 2023, we were proud to address more bridge maintenance than we had during the previous three years combined. we’re continuing to reduce the number of poorly rated bridges through ongoing and planned repairs and rehabilitations. penndot, in partnership with domi, designed and constructed the new fern hollow bridge with federal funds made available by the bipartisan infrastructure law. the bridge fully opened to traffic in 2023; read more about the project here:  read more about all of these changes and see the full reports here : bridge asset management program how does the inspection process work? how often are bridges inspected? routine bridge inspections help to maintain safe travel, prevent structural failures, and enable better asset management planning and stewardship of public investments. inspection requirements and format are set by the national bridge inspection standards (nbis), published by the federal highway administration and last updated in 2022. all bridge inspectors are certified by the pennsylvania department of transportation (penndot) by completing a bridge safety inspector training and certification program and biennial training courses. inspectors make visual and physical observations of all components of a bridge, including the deck, superstructure, substructure, channel, signage, and approaches. inspections highlight deterioration and note any changes over time, comparing the current state to the original as-built condition. after making evaluations, inspectors publish an inspection report that assigns component ratings and recommends repairs. structural engineers then use these reports to program required maintenance, calculate weight limits as needed, and plan future projects. every city vehicle bridge with spanning 20 feet or greater is inspected at least every two years. city pedestrian bridges and vehicle bridges spanning 8 to 20 feet are inspected at least every five years. bridges with specific needs are inspected more frequently, typically at either six-month or annual intervals. read more about the nbis and bridge inspections:  how often are bridges maintained? what maintenance is the city doing now? domi is always monitoring the conditions of city bridges. common routine tasks include cleaning and washing bridges and drainage systems, replacing expansion joints and seals, patching areas of concrete deterioration, replacing barriers and curbs, clearing debris, painting, and resurfacing roadways. proactive maintenance and upkeep protects the public’s investment by reducing the need for more expensive improvements as a bridge’s condition worsens. larger-scale projects include bridge preservation, rehabilitation, and replacement. preservation aims to extend a bridge’s useful life by preventing or reducing deterioration. rehabilitations restore a select set of components to address specific issues. full structural replacement is reserved for when other repairs are impractical or infeasible. what does a poor rating mean? is it still safe to travel across or under poorly rated bridges? every bridge inspection assigns condition ratings for each of the deck, superstructure, substructure, and culvert components. as defined by the national bridge inspection standards (nbis), these ratings scale from nine to zero: 9 – excellent 8 – very good 7 – good 6 – satisfactory 5 – fair 4 – poor 3 – serious 2 – critical 1 – imminent failure 0 – failed the lowest component condition rating determines the overall rating classification for a bridge: 9 to 7 – good condition 6 to 5 – fair condition 4 or lower – poor condition while condition ratings are an important summary, they can sometimes be limited in describing an individual bridge’s status. the full picture of a bridge’s health also depends on other factors such as structure type, size, material composition, usage, and location. two bridges with the same rating may require very different levels or types of maintenance to remain in service. poorly rated bridges are not immediately unsafe to travel on or at risk of failure. the rating signifies that the structural components have started to lose strength due to defects, and that action is needed to prevent further deterioration. this can often be remedied by repairs, restrictions, or by redundancies in the design of the structure. engineers determine if a bridge is safe to remain open after conducting a load rating analysis and assessing the bridge’s weight limit. if the weight limit is below the safe load for vehicles and repairs are not possible or practical, the bridge will be closed. safety is domi’s highest priority, and caution is taken to ensure that no one is ever at risk. what does a weight limit mean? is it still safe to travel across or under load-posted bridges? a weight limit is a legally enforceable posting, indicated by signage, restricting the maximum vehicle load, or weight, allowed on a road or bridge. this is determined by a load rating analysis, taking into account the bridge’s structural design, various vehicle configurations, any reductions in the bridge’s capacity due to damage or deterioration, and uncertainty. it is the responsibility of the bridge owner to post and update weight limits as needed. after every bridge inspection, engineers determine if an updated load rating analysis is necessary based on observed changes since the previous inspection. vehicles weighing less than the posted limit can safely cross a bridge. weight limits are put in place to protect the public and extend the service life of a bridge. if the weight limit is low enough to be a risk to public safety, the bridge will be closed to all traffic or removed. weight limits are related to, but not completely dependent on condition ratings. older bridges were often originally designed for much lighter vehicle loads than are common and legal today. some structures can be in fair or good condition but restricted to a lower weight limit if no modifications have been made. which bridges are owned by the city? who do i contact about non-city owned bridges? the city of pittsburgh does not own every bridge within the city limits. many are owned by allegheny county, pittsburgh regional transit, the pennsylvania department of transportation (penndot), or private entities such as railroads. check the links to report safety or maintenance issues and for more information.      check the city of pittsburgh bridge dashboard to see more information about city-owned bridges. for other bridges, check out the allegheny county infrastructure ownership map . where can i learn more? the pennsylvania department of transportation (penndot) maintains an interactive map noting the current conditions of every bridge in the state:  read more about penndot’s bridge maintenance and other programs:  read more about allegheny county’s roads and bridges:  see the southwestern pennsylvania commission’s website to learn about the metropolitan planning organization that plans and directs state and federal transportation funds for our region:  learn about the history of some of pittsburgh’s most iconic bridges at the heinz history center’s pittsburgh: a tradition of innovation exhibit:  updated october 2024 back to top contact us city of pittsburgh 414 grant st. pittsburgh, pa 15219 (accessibility entrance on ross st.) view on map 412-255-2621 share & connect like us on facebook follow us on x watch us on youtube get involved careers internships engagepgh explore pittsburgh disclaimers & polices | accessibility | privacy statement | sitemap © 2025 city of pittsburgh, pa | powered by granicus