steel city an unlikely haven for writers - pittsburgh tribune-review newspapers web sites magazines your town classifieds partners advertise help advanced search view all stories by date heyl's half acre view all heyl columns hot seate view all seate columns pittsburgh slots cold cases capitol cash grab all special reports all multimedia news city & region westmoreland fayette state nation world top news you're the editor politics storms iraq bird flu most read articles sports steelers penguins pirates college high school columnists top sports major league baseball hockey basketball tennis sports week gallery business news stocks & mutual funds listings downtown development columnists top business technology business wire opinion & commentary editorials cartoons columnists letters living entertainment fanfare fashion and shopping fine arts food & drink home and garden movies theater top living summer tours tickets obituaries today in history census about us help desk contact us frank l. craig, editor robert fryer, managing editor joe chudicek, multimedia editor customized rss news feeds what is rss? staff blogs newspapers in education ap podcasts back to headlines larger text smaller text steel city an unlikely haven for writers top stories top sports ike taylor deals with 'growing pains' porter, steelers shouldn’t duck issue armstrong's ot goal breaks skid leclair not considering retirement rodriguez gets raise for staying at wvu read all local sports national news read all national news national sports read all national sports obituaries obituaries in the news read all obituaries strange read all strange living read all top living technology read all technology national news read all national news national sports read all national sports obituaries obituaries in the news read all obituaries strange read all strange living read all top living technology read all technology tools print this article e-mail this article subscribe to this paper larger / smaller text by regis behe tribune-review friday, march 3, 2006 chuck kinder, the wizened guru of the university of pittsburgh's writing program, is fond of calling pittsburgh "the paris of appalachia" for its enormous wealth of writing talent. from pulitzer prize winners david mccullough and annie dillard through newer, younger writers such as philip beard and lori jakiela, there's an incredible number of talented writers who call or have called pittsburgh home. it's hard to generalize about local writing characteristics, says jim daniels, a poet and writer who heads the creative writing program at carnegie mellon university. "one thing i've noticed is that most of the writers here in town tend to write work that is accessible," he says. "there's a kind of hard-earned clarity that i find pretty consistently across the board." perhaps beard and jakiela best exemplify this readability. within the last year, both have published their first books. beard's "dear zoe," named one the ten best first novels of 2005 by the american library association, was a surprising debut for the aspinwall resident, a lawyer who took a hiatus from his practice to write a coming-of-age novel. "for me, writing almost always starts with family -- both its permanence and its frailty," beard says. "i can't help but think that being a lifelong pittsburgh resident has influenced that tendency." jakiela's just-published debut, a nonfiction work called "miss new york has everything," affirms beard's contention. her memoir about growing up in the sleepy town of trafford, which sits astride the border of allegheny and westmoreland counties, recounts how she wanted to escape the area but then found everything she wanted in western pennsylvania. when a friend from out of town visited recently, he remarked on the grittiness of areas such as homestead and braddock. "i think that's true," jakiela says. "so we're gritty. we're tough. and full of a kind of innocent, immigrant heart. and i think a lot of pittsburgh writers' work reflects that. i think place -- this city, this landscape -- is so important, too." jane mccafferty, a professor of writing at carnegie mellon and the author of the short story collection "thank you for the music," agrees that geography plays a role in forming local writers. "i think we're bonded by years under these gray skies in a city of bridges," she says. "i think this imbues our work -- a sense of being huddled in what's neither the east or the midwest, but a place all its own." mccafferty points out that being a writer in a sports-driven town also fosters humility. in new york, san francisco and other literary spots, writers are often celebrities. not so in pittsburgh. "what really seems to matter in this town?" mccafferty asks. "the steelers! it's hard to forget that." and so pittsburgh writers go to work like the steel and iron workers of the past. this is reflected, jakiela thinks, in the stories they produce that often are about everyday struggles. "i think many of the characters, speakers and narrators who show up in pittsburgh writers' books are very grounded in this world," she says. "they have jobs, they pay bills. they get stuck in traffic. they buy duct tape. and there's this heartbreaking tenderness, too, underneath it all." beard says that while pittsburgh isn't a magnet for writers, natives often return to the region after sojourns in other locales. "while the grass might be 'greener' in l.a. or phoenix or charlotte, it doesn't grow nearly as well, and no one seems to stop on the sidewalk to chat and provide a welcome distraction while you're cutting it either," he says. "certainly, pittsburgh families aren't insulated from tragedy, of either the random or self-inflicted variety, but we do seem to hang in there longer than most. we are survivors, and survivors are great material." regis behe can be reached at rbehe@tribweb.com or  (412)320-7990. back to headlines today's most-read articles 1. starkey: porter, steelers shouldn’t duck issue 2. harris: ike deals with 'growing pains' 3. leclair not considering retirement, according to agent 4. armstrong's ot goal breaks skid 5. parker rushing past steelers hall of famers today's most-sent articles 1. intense conditioning helps panthers 2. tj's season ends with stunning loss 3. the mellon move 4. odd play leads usc over state college 5. farmers pin profit hopes on ethanol plant click here for advertising information || list all advertisers reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent from tribune-review publishing co.