tax faqs - pittsburgh, pa opens in new tab or window 311 service alert beginning at 6pm tonight (3/7), the 311 system will be undergoing maintenance and enhancements and will have limited functionality until 3/10. please call 311 to leave a message, or try submitting again on monday close this announcement skip to main content quick links 311 contact facebook twitter youtube english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language select a language to translate to english select this as your preferred language chinese (simplified) - 中文 select this as your preferred language spanish - español select this as your preferred language arabic - العربية select this as your preferred language french - français select this as your preferred language nepali -  नेपाली select this as your preferred language portuguese - português select this as your preferred language pashto - پښتو select this as your preferred language russian - русский язык select this as your preferred language uzbek - أۇزبېك ﺗﻴﻠی select this as your preferred language swahili select this as your preferred language hebrew - עִברִית select this as your preferred language hindi - बहाना करना select this as your preferred language ukrainian - українська select this as your preferred language korean - 한국인 select this as your preferred language city of pittsburgh, pa - home - logo open search menu resident services sub-menu trash & recycling sub-menu collection schedule and newsletter curbside pick up commercial recycling special event recycling drop-off info & additional resources anti-litter and illegal dumping 311 sub-menu contacting 311 ada & disability rights sub-menu take our accessibility survey disability resources center statutes & policies city county task force on disability make an accommodations request ccb accessibility entrance file a grievance oep news faqs snow removal sub-menu snow plow tracker snow & ice road maintenance sub-menu street maintenance paving schedule potholes road safety food programs sub-menu after school feeding program summer food program bigburgh pets & animals sub-menu dog license animal control community programming sub-menu love your block city cuts snow angels black pittsburgh matters immigrant and refugee affairs tree resources sub-menu tree planting request tree work forestry division recreation & events sub-menu parks sub-menu our parks for kids for seniors dog parks tennis citisports outdoor activities city farms community garden plots pools sub-menu oliver bath house outdoor pools spray parks pool fees rules citiparks lifeguard events sub-menu farmers markets dollar bank cinema in the park roving art cart artworks concerts footraces holidays at city-county building pistons in the park car cruise pittsburgh cultural activities summer soul line dancing park facilities sub-menu schenley skating rink recreation centers special events sub-menu pittsburgh e-arena tournament annual gingerbread house competition independence day celebration black history month community festivals contact special events special events news about parks sub-menu citiparks phone directory parks rules park rangers park maintenance parks faq film & event management sub-menu important documents special event & block party permitting film permits special events committee public event calendar park permits sub-menu reserve park shelter sports field permit city government sub-menu mayor sub-menu biography 2025 governing agenda mayor's cabinet youth civic leadership academy press releases contact letters of support forms executive orders office of immigrant and refugee affairs my brother's keeper city-county building key focus areas i-team city controller sub-menu about the controller fiscal focus pgh audits & reports pittsburgh watchdog unclaimed property campaign finances disclosure of interest reports city council sub-menu districts clerk's office neighborhoods & wards legislative information council budget office city council contacts boards, authorities, commissions sub-menu member rosters agendas & minutes list of boards, authorities, commissions legal services sub-menu department of law office of equal protection commission on human relations ethics hearing board office of municipal investigations city ordinances file a claim with law right to know jobs sub-menu careers human resources and civil service finances & budget sub-menu taxes new business registration real estate fee schedule campaign finances management & budget contacts & information sub-menu frequently requested numbers city press release archive city channel pittsburgh safety sub-menu police sub-menu police zones police officer recruitment file a police report submit a tip submit a silent complaint compliment an officer police data portal branches about police fire sub-menu fire station location map girls firefighter camp fire permit information annual reports bureau of fire contacts about bureau of fire firefighter recruitment fire safety programs animal care & control sub-menu for pet owners dog licenses spay/neuter program stray animals rodent baiting program beekeeping and farm animal permits living with wildlife animal control faqs emergency medical services sub-menu ambulance division special event operations training division annual reports ems contacts privacy practices become a paramedic freedom house emt training office of community health and safety sub-menu health and safety resources meet the staff community office hours join our team! community engagement announcements & press releases newsletter contact form alerts sub-menu public safety blotter public safety press releases public safety press release archive covid-19 updates public safety sub-menu animal care & control disruptive properties emergency management and homeland security nighttime economy office of film & event management park rangers violence prevention public safety contacts business & development sub-menu city planning sub-menu about city planning city planning meeting calendar city planning public notices commissions and boards historic preservation program public art program neighborhood planning planning projects planning programs development review process guides mobility and infrastructure sub-menu about mobility and infrastructure maps plans current domi projects transportation development review right-of-way management permits, licenses, and inspections sub-menu applications & forms one stop pgh permits licenses bulletins community resources code enforcement condemned buildings pli fees building codes appeals pli contacts announcements registrations innovation & performance sub-menu pittsburgh digital equity coalition public works sub-menu about public works contact public works environmental services architecture division street maintenance bureau forestry division zoning sub-menu zoning faq planning application and process planning reviews, public notices and public hearings housing gis sub-menu downloadable maps & data gis links & resources interactive maps address request new street name request procurement sub-menu welcome to beacon faqs bid opportunities procurement resources city buying plan pgh lab sub-menu benefits alumni startup resources faq contact us sustainability sub-menu climate action plan resilient pittsburgh food systems sustainability & resilience library affiliations & memberships environmental planning and review search you are here : home / city government / finances & budget / taxes / tax faqs in this section mayor city controller city council boards, authorities, commissions legal services jobs finances & budget taxes real estate tax certification letter business tax compliance letter property tax worksheet tax forms real estate taxes tax faqs new business registration real estate fee schedule campaign finances management & budget contacts & information tax faqs business tax amusement tax (pdf, 188kb) institution and service privilege tax (pdf, 150kb) local services tax (pdf, 93kb) payroll expense tax (pdf, 676kb) facility usage fee (pdf, 154kb) parking tax (pdf, 114kb) nsfuf - faqs about the recent court of common pleas ruling (pdf, 119kb) for any other questions contact the department of finance at 412-255-2525. how do i close my business account with the city of pittsburgh? who do i contact? complete a change in business status form (pdf, 872kb) . you can email taxcompliance@pittsburghpa.gov or call taxpayer services at 412-255-2525 for more information. is there a fee associated with paying via credit card? yes, the convenience fee is 2.00% of bill value + 0.25 per transaction. this fee will be calculated by jetpay at the time you make your tax payment. this is a separate fee from the tax payment that is paid to jetpay. when are real estate taxes due? real estate taxes were billed in january. the gross amount is due the last day of february. a 2% discount is available if paid in full by february 10th. real estate taxes can also be paid in installments. the first installment is due by the last day of february. the second installment is due by the last day of april. the third installment is due by the last day of july. a 2% discount can be taken on the 1st installment only if it is paid by february 10th. what happens if i don't pay my real estate taxes? if you fail to pay your taxes and you owe taxes for at least one prior year, the city, school district of pittsburgh and carnegie library will file a lien through jordan tax service against your property. your property can also be sold in a treasurer’s sale for the tax delinquency. we strongly urge you to contact jordan tax service at 412-345-7960 to make payment arrangements to avoid this possibility. what is the millage rate for city, school, and carnegie library taxes? the 2022 city real estate tax rate is 8.06 mills. the 2022 school district real estate tax rate is 10.25 mills. the 2022 carnegie library real estate tax rate is 0.25 mills. how are real estate taxes assessed? city, school and carnegie library of pittsburgh real estate taxes are billed on the fair market value of the property as determined by the allegheny county office of property assessments . can i pay my city, school district of pittsburgh, and carnegie library of pittsburgh real estate taxes by credit card? yes, you can pay with american express, discover card, master card or visa. the cost for a debit card is 2.00% of the total bill value +0.25 per transaction. the electronic check (e-check) is a flat fee of $0.50 per transaction. pay either credit card or electronic check online . what is millage? a mil is 1/10 of a cent. for every $1,000.00 of assessment: the city tax would be $8.06 the school district tax would be $10.25 the carnegie library tax would be $0.25 does the city, school district, or carnegie library offer any abatement programs? the city, school district and carnegie library offer several tax abatement programs for both residential (act 42) and commercial improvements (lerta). allegheny county also participates in several of the programs. details on these programs can be found in the abatement table (pdf, 22kb) . does the city, school district, and carnegie library offer payment plans for delinquent taxes? yes, if you are having difficulty paying your taxes, the city of pittsburgh does offer payment plans and hardship plans if you qualify. please call jordan tax services at 412-345-7960 for information. what is the library tax? the first year this tax was assessed was 2012. on november 8, 2011 voters in the city of pittsburgh overwhelmingly approved a 0.25 mill special tax (equivalent to $25 per year on $100,000 of assessed property) on all taxable real estate in the city of pittsburgh to be allocated and used only for the operation and maintenance of carnegie library of pittsburgh. allegheny county also participates in several of the programs. the carnegie library tax due is on the same bill as your city and school district property taxes. do you need a permit for pods? please contact the department of public works permit office at 412-255-2370 or visit onestoppgh . does the city, school district, or carnegie library offer any tax relief programs? yes, there are two tax relief programs in the city of pittsburgh: homestead tax exemption-(act 50) offered by the city of pittsburgh since 2001, this program reduces the taxable value of your home. the city of pittsburgh and carnegie library homestead reduction is $15,000 – a tax savings of $120.90 and $3.75, respectively. (act 1) offered by the school district of pittsburgh since 2009. the reduction amount can vary from year to year, based on gaming revenue. for 2016, the reduction is $29,447, a tax savings of $289.76. a 2% discount is available if paid in full by february 10th. real estate taxes can also be paid in installments. to receive the homestead exemption, the property must be owner occupied. taxpayers who have applied for the allegheny county homestead program will automatically receive the city, school district and carnegie library exemption; you do not have to submit a separate application. applications for the homestead exemption are available through allegheny county . senior tax relief (act 77) this program is available to eligible owners (pdf, 473kb) . the reduction is 40% of the full value assessment. view application forms for this tax relief program . for more information on eligibility requirements please call the city at 412-255-2525 or allegheny county treasurer's office at 412-350-4100. how do i change the mailing address for my tax bills? address changes can be made over the phone by calling 412-255-2525. this change is in effect until december 31st of each year. permanent address changes must be done through the allegheny county treasurer’s office at 412-350-4100. you can request by letter by writing to: city of pittsburgh real estate tax dept. 414 grant street pittsburgh, pa 15219 what is the parks tax? in november of 2019, voters in the city of pittsburgh approved a referendum that amended the city of pittsburgh home rule charter to establish a trust fund to collect funds for the improvement of the city's parks. the parks tax shall be funded, in part, by adding 0.50 mills to the real estate tax rate. the parks tax trust fund may also receive monies and contributions from additional sources. back to top contact us city of pittsburgh 414 grant st. pittsburgh, pa 15219 (accessibility entrance on ross st.) view on map 412-255-2621 share & connect like us on facebook follow us on x watch us on youtube get involved careers internships engagepgh explore pittsburgh disclaimers & polices | accessibility | privacy statement | sitemap © 2025 city of pittsburgh, pa | powered by granicus