pittsburgh-new castle-weirton, pa-oh-wv | american lung association skip to main content 2024 menu close report cards report cards cleanest cities most polluted cities states and counties metropolitan areas compare your air key findings key findings ozone trends short term particle pollution trends year round particle pollution trends populations at risk cleanest places to live most polluted places to live health impact recommendations for the media for the media download pdf about this report back to lung.org select location translate select location enter a zip code or select a state to view report data by state, county, and metropolitan statistical areas. zip code or state select state alabama alaska arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut delaware district of columbia florida georgia hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york north carolina north dakota ohio oklahoma oregon pennsylvania puerto rico rhode island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming invalid zip code, please try again. pittsburgh-new castle-weirton, pa-oh-wv facebook twitter linkedin email print what's the state of your air? select location populations at risk learn more total population: children under 18: adults 65 & over: pediatric asthma: adult asthma: copd: lung cancer: cardiovascular disease: pregnancy: poverty estimate: people of color: you can make a difference in the air you breathe. sign our petition share your story additional information methodology understanding the grades and population tables recommendations for action what do inc and dnc mean? did you know ? nearly four in ten people in the u.s. live where the air they breathe earned an f in "state of the air" 2024. more than 131 million people live in counties that received an f for either ozone or particle pollution in "state of the air" 2024. nearly 44 million people live in counties that got an f for all three air pollution measures in "state of the air" 2024. breathing ozone irritates the lungs, resulting in inflammation—as if your lungs had a bad sunburn. breathing in particle pollution can increase the risk of lung cancer. particle pollution can cause early death and heart attacks, strokes and emergency room visits. particles in air pollution can be smaller than 1/30th the diameter of a human hair. when you inhale them, they are small enough to get past the body's natural defenses. ozone and particle pollution are both linked to increased risk of premature birth and lower birth weight in newborns. if you live or work near a busy highway, traffic pollution may put you at greater risk of health harm. people who work or exercise outside face increased risk from the effects of air pollution. millions of people are especially vulnerable to the effects of air pollution, including children, older adults and people with lung diseases such as asthma and copd. people of color and people with lower incomes are disproportionately affected by air pollution that puts them at higher risk for illness. air pollution is a serious health threat. it can trigger asthma attacks, harm lung development in children, and even be deadly. you can protect yourself by checking the air quality forecast in your community and avoiding exercising or working outdoors when unhealthy air is expected. climate change enhances conditions for ozone pollution to form and makes it harder clean up communities where ozone levels are high. climate change increases the risk of wildfires whose smoke spreads dangerous particle pollution. policymakers at every level of government must take steps to clean the air their constituents breathe. the nation has the clean air act to thank for decades of improvements in air quality. this landmark law has successfully driven pollution reduction for over 50 years. particle pollution exposure from wildfire smoke harms health in ways that range from mild irritation to serious illness and premature death. recent updates to the air quality index give the public more accurate information about the health risk from air pollution, and when to take measures to protect themselves on bad air days. get more facts take action high ozone days ozone air pollution, sometimes known as smog, is one of the most widespread pollutants in the united states. it is a powerful lung irritant. when inhaled into the lungs, it reacts with the delicate lining of the airways, causing inflammation and other damage that can impact multiple body systems. ozone exposure can also shorten lives. your health is heavily impacted by air pollution. learn more about how pollutants affect the body, and which groups of people are most at risk. learn more close particle pollution - 24 hour particle pollution is a deadly and growing threat to public health in communities around the country. the more researchers learn about the health effects of particle pollution, the more dangerous it is recognized to be. short-term spikes in particle pollution that last from a few hours to a few days can kill. most premature deaths are from respiratory and cardiovascular causes. spikes in particle pollution also have many other harmful effects, ranging from decreased lung function to heart attacks. your health is heavily impacted by air pollution. learn more about how pollutants affect the body, and which groups of people are most at risk. learn more close particle pollution - annual particle pollution is a deadly and growing threat to public health in communities around the country. the more researchers learn about the health effects of particle pollution, the more dangerous it is recognized to be. breathing particle pollution day in and day out can be deadly. research has also linked year-round exposure to particle pollution to a wide array of serious health effects at every stage of life. your health is heavily impacted by air pollution. learn more about how pollutants affect the body, and which groups of people are most at risk. learn more close populations at risk all of the millions of americans living in places with failing grades for unhealthy levels of ozone or particle pollution are at risk of harm to their health. but some groups of people are especially vulnerable to illness and death from their exposure. your health is heavily impacted by air pollution. learn more about how pollutants affect the body, and which groups of people are most at risk. learn more close what do inc and dnc mean? inc (incomplete) indicates that some monitoring data was collected for at least one year in the county, but not all three years. dnc (data not collected) indicates that data on that particular pollutant is not collected in the county. review our methodology for a full explanation of data sources and calculations utilized to assign grades for the air you breathe. learn more close make a donation donations support lung health research, treatments, education, and more. donate now get the latest news about lung health sign up for newsletter please leave this field empty get updates please enter a valid email address thank you! you will now receive email updates from the american lung association. terms of use sitemap privacy policy policies ©2025 american lung association. the american lung association is a 501(c)(3) charitable organization. our tax id is: 13‑1632524. change language close banner this website uses cookies to improve content delivery. learn more back to top accessibility please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility