archive subscribe newsletters advertise | classifieds | jobs | e-trib high school sports network neighborhood news network sunday, march 9, 2025 western pennsylvania's trusted news source gov. wolf to sign bill placing pittsburgh's water system under puc oversight | triblive.com home local local front - - - - - pittsburgh allegheny westmoreland valley news dispatch regional neighborhood news network - - - - - bethel park carnegie chartiers valley fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north allegheny journal north hills norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader sewickley herald shaler south hills sports sports front - - - - - steelers/nfl penguins/nhl pirates/mlb - - - - - breakfast with benz mark madden - - - - - high schools - - - - - pitt penn state wvu duquesne robert morris district colleges - - - - - outdoors other local u.s./world sports podcast network news news front - - - - - heroes pennsylvania business u.s./world coronavirus health education instagram politics trib videos partner news all stories videocharts opinion opinion front - - - - - columnists editorials cartoons featured commentary letters to the editor send a letter a&e a&e front - - - - - tv talk with rob owen theater & arts movies & tv music books more a&e art & museums lifestyles lifestyles front - - - - - food & drink out & about more lifestyles home & garden fashion travel video - - - - - trib videos obituaries - - - - - all obituaries obituary stories pittsburgh tribune-review tribune-review valley news dispatch carnegie signal item fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north journal norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader sewickley herald shaler journal south hills record western pennsylvania's trusted news source sunday, march 9, 2025 subscribe now newsletters advertise classifieds jobs e-trib high school sports network neighborhood news network about us get the trib sections terms of use local news gov. wolf to sign bill placing pittsburgh's water system under puc oversight natasha lindstrom monday, nov. 20, 2017 6:54 p.m. | monday, nov. 20, 2017 6:54 p.m. andrew russell | tribune-review in this file photo from august, an employee of frank j. zottola construction attempts to remove a section of pipe at a home in pittsburgh's perry north neighborhood. zottola construction was contracted by pittsburgh's water authority to dig up service lines of homes to see whether they are made of lead. if the private side is not made of lead, and the pwsa side is, pwsa plans on replacing the lead line. related content puc commits to easing customer woes at pittsburgh's troubled water authority pittsburgh water and sewer authority customers who want to dispute a charge or report a problem soon will have a new avenue for recourse. starting... pennsylvania public utility commission adopts plan to oversee troubled pwsa email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. a bill is headed to gov. wolf's desk that would place the troubled pittsburgh water and sewer authority under the oversight of the state's public utility commission. the state house approved monday night the latest version of house bill 1490 — which aims to improve pwsa's operations, safety measures and financial viability through the guidance and regulatory authority of the puc. wolf intends to sign the bill, wolf spokesman j.j. abbott told the trib. peduto and pwsa leaders welcome the extra layer of oversight, peduto spokesman tim mcnulty said. “the water and sewer authority is obviously in need of massive help, which could include help from the puc,” mcnulty said. governed by a five-member commission, the harrisburg-based body known as the puc oversees more than 130 private, investor-owned water systems and philadelphia gas works. what puc oversight means for pittsburghers house bill 1490 will require pwsa to get approval from the commission for rate hikes; be responsive to puc concerns over efficiency, financial and compliance problems; and provide customers another avenue for filing complaints. the legislation gives pwsa officials six months to submit a plan detailing how the authority will bring its information technology, accounting, billing and other operating procedures into compliance with the title 66 rules that apply to private systems. the plan must include long-term infrastructure improvements. the bipartisan pair of allegheny county lawmakers who co-authored hb 1490 — house speaker mike turzai, r-marshall, and rep. harry readshaw, d-carrick — said the move will ensure customers that their water is safe and their bills accurate. readshaw called it “a commonsense approach that will move the system in a positive direction.” “the pittsburgh water and sewer authority has been grossly mismanaged,” turzai said in a statement minutes after the vote around 6:45 p.m. monday. “the state had to step in.” “the authority needs to be held to the same standards as the private sector,” turzai added. details remain on unclear on other impacts as legal analysts review the oversight change — such as how it could impact pwsa's efforts to undergo a massive restructuring championed by peduto. the mayor is awaiting a final report on overhaul options by consulting firm infrastructure management group. far-reaching woes persist during his initial report in august, img consultant steve steckler described pwsa as a “failed organization atop a dangerous and crumbling structure.” for years, pwsa has been grappling with a spate of challenges on several fronts, from overbilled customers and rampant employee turnover to lead-laden pipes and chlorine treatment deficiencies. the latter has spurred flush and boil orders affecting tens of thousands of people. costly replacements to aging infrastructure continue to mount while the authority's debt balloons — 50 cents of every ratepayer's dollar now goes toward paying off debt . on friday, the pwsa board approved an agreement with the state department of environmental protection after dep fined pwsa $2.4 million for violating various water regulations between 2014 and 2017 — including exceeding a federal threshold for lead levels in water, switching chemicals used to limit lead levels in water and failing to replace a required number of lead service lines. pwsa officials have estimated that 20 percent of lines providing water to 80,000 customers are made of lead. the authority has inspected 6,000 lines so far, with plans to do 15,000 more next year. the agreement requires the authority to replace at least 1,341 lead lines by june 30 and continue with line replacement until lead levels reach federally accepted standards. peduto slams receivership idea in a separate legislative attempt, state rep. dom costa, d-stanton heights, has said he plans to introduce a bill that would take a more heavy-handed approach to pwsa oversight that goes beyond the puc: creating a state receivership. peduto made it clear monday that he's vehemently opposed to pwsa ceding control to a state-appointed receiver. “the idea of harrisburg controlling pittsburgh's water is something that i won't accept,” peduto said. late last week, peduto reached out to costa and asked him hold off on introducing his bill at least until the img report is finalized, the mayor said. costa did not return a call for comment monday. peduto reiterated that he has no intention of privatizing pwsa. he fears that costa's proposal could make it so “harrisburg could simply sell the pwsa to the highest bidder.” “that's not what we're looking for,” peduto said. “we're looking for a long-term solution to provide drinking water for the next 50 years. “anybody who is trying to work through harrisburg to sidetrack that, i'd warn them right now that pittsburgh will fight.” staff writer bob bauder contributed to this report. natasha lindstrom is a tribune-review staff writer. reach her at 412-380-8514, nlindstrom@tribweb.com or via twitter @newsnatasha. related content puc commits to easing customer woes at pittsburgh's troubled water authority pittsburgh water and sewer authority customers who want to dispute a charge or report a problem soon will have a new avenue for recourse. starting... pennsylvania public utility commission adopts plan to oversee troubled pwsa email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. 1-800-909-8742 fax (724) 779-8743 210 wood street tarentum, pa 15084 © 2025 trib total media | all rights reserved about us about us advertise career opportunities contact advertising contact newsroom contact us feedback request correction resource center scholarship opportunities send letter to the editor send news tip subscribe subscriber services get the trib blog efeatures email newsletters etrib facebook home delivery instagram linkedin marketing minute store locations triblive app - app store triblive app - google play twitter sections arts & entertainment best of the best business directory circulars contests coronavirus lifestyles local news obituaries opinion our publications photos real estate sports video weather terms of use cookie settings privacy policy terms of service top