careers @ carnegie mellon -     careers @ carnegie mellon -     office of human resources - carnegie mellon university carnegie mellon university — — — search search search this site only careers @ carnegie mellon office of human resources if your heart is in your work, come work with us. carnegie mellon university isn't just one of the world’s most renowned educational institutions — it’s also a hotspot for some of the most talented doers, dreamers and difference-makers on the planet. when you join our staff, you’ll become an important part of our mission to create a healthier, safer and more just life for all. no matter what your role or location, you’ll connect and collaborate with dedicated, passionate colleagues — and you’ll have the satisfaction of delivering work that truly matters. employer awards america's best-in-state employer, forbes military friendly® school pro patria award, employer support of the guard and reserve breastfeeding-friendly employer, pennsylvania breastfeeding coalition more awards & recognition apply now external applicants (i am not currently a cmu employee) internal applicants (i am currently a cmu employee) other opportunities temporary staff positions: learn about cmu's temporary employment service . faculty positions: visit faculty careers and the university libraries to apply. custodial positions: apply through ug2 . dining positions: apply through chartwells . student worker positions: find on-campus opportunities through the career and professional development center . need technical or accessibility assistance? equal opportunity statement of assurance department of labor — notices of lca filings equal employment opportunity is the law [pdf] employee polygraph protection act [pdf] employee rights under the family and medical leave act [pdf] carnegie mellon university 5000 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 carnegie mellon university is an equal opportunity employer/disability/veteran. contact us legal info www.cmu.edu © 2025 carnegie mellon university why carnegie mellon? history and traditions vision, mission and values awards and recognition benefits at a glance pittsburgh dual career program career resources statement of assurance prospective employee disclosures frequently asked questions employee referral program need assistance?