home | cmu libraries skip to main content - - - hours: find borrow & request services visit about events my account ask us search search explore books and media , articles , journals and advanced search . visit us spring carnival midway rides (c.1967) quick links databases eresources & tools journals & newspapers connecting from off-campus find your librarian research guides reserve a space interlibrary loan course reserves discover distinctive collections getting started guides connect with solutions for your academic and research needs. solutions for undergraduate students the libraries connects you with the resources you need to excel in the classroom from 1-on-1 librarian consultations to in-depth research guides. solutions for graduate students & postdocs we offer a variety of services designed to make your learning, research, and teaching more effective. solutions for faculty & staff connect with the libraries' expertise, resources & technologies to support and transform your scholarly work and expand your information toolkit. solutions for alumni & visitors the libraries welcomes alumni and visitors to explore our spaces, attend our events, and utilize select services. featured services discover our services and tools to support and transform your work. research/reference help we can help with first-year assignments to dissertation work and grant-funded research projects. find a study space need a place to study? looking for a room to work on a project? reserve an individual seat or a group study space. thesis & dissertation deposit the libraries maintains kilthub and provides access to and assistance with proquest. see our services directory exhibits & events upcoming events march 10 12:00pm conducting scoping reviews to understand t… virtual workshop march 12 9:00am data communication: introduction to data v… virtual workshop march 13 10:00am university archives: drop-in hours hunt library march 13 3:00pm no code introduction to text analysis exhibit extended until july 11 like, totally transformative: cmu in the 1980s thursdays, 10am-4pm drop-in hours at the university archives virtual workshops data for citizen science and community data see all exhibits & events featured story march 3, 2025 through 3mt, doctoral students share accessible research recent news march 5, 2025 carnegie mellon university receives generous donation to support research and special projects at university libraries march 5, 2025 effective and ethical march 4, 2025 registration opens for ai literacy workshop february 28, 2025 discover & discuss: women's history month february 24, 2025 pathways to impact: careers in sustainability photo gallery view all news and stories libraries staff & faculty heather duganieri senior administrative assistant - ueis jason glenn program director for research information management services maria regan ueis financial analyst di yoong social sciences librarian see all staff & faculty location 5000 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213-3890 +1 412-268-2444 contact us | subscribe to our newsletters staff portal | policies | accessibility | covid-19 updates legal info | www.cmu.edu © 2025 carnegie       mellon university