research -     cmu - carnegie mellon university carnegie mellon university — — — search search delivering work that matters. a research university like no other, carnegie mellon is home to experts who lead their fields and create new ones. from computing to the arts, cmu students, faculty and staff are shaping the future with a strong focus on finding practical answers to complex problems. carnegie mellon has a full-spectrum research and development ecosystem. most research at cmu is basic, open research performed on our campus. cmu also performs restricted research at our world-renowned national robotics engineering center and classified research at our software engineering institute. at cmu, we have brilliant researchers with state-of-the-art facilities to create technologies that will change the world for the better. we are a leader in bringing groundbreaking ideas to market and creating successful startup businesses. our research, innovation and entrepreneurial activities have tremendous impact on the university, on the broader pittsburgh region and on economic vitality of the nation. by nurturing an innovative, cross-disciplinary research culture, cmu continues to solve the world’s most difficult and important problems. we do work that matters. vice president of research centers and institutes center for business engagement center for technology transfer and enterprise creation (cttec) foundation relations government relations office of sponsored programs (osp) office of research systems and operations (orso) office of research integrity and compliance (oric) undergraduate research office the undergraduate research office supports student research in every field of study. learn more more research news schools and colleges research pages college of engineering college of fine arts dietrich college of humanities & social sciences heinz college of information systems and public policy mellon college of science school of computer science tepper school of business carnegie mellon university challenges the curious and passionate to deliver work that matters. calendar careers covid-19 updates directory / contact feedback global locations health & safety news site map title ix alumni business & research partners faculty & staff students carnegie mellon university 5000 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213 412-268-2000 legal info www.cmu.edu © 2025 carnegie mellon university cmu on facebook cmu on twitter cmu on linkedin cmu youtube channel cmu on instagram cmu on flickr cmu social media directory academics interdisciplinary programs libraries learning for a lifetime admission undergraduate graduate about leadership vision, mission and values history traditions inclusive excellence pittsburgh rankings awards visit david & susan coulter welcome center maps & getting here research centers & institutes student experience athletics give alumni business & research partners faculty & staff students