transforming america: perspectives on u.s. immigration [3 volumes ... - google books sign in hidden fields books try the new google books check out the new look and enjoy easier access to your favorite features try it now no thanks try the new google books try the new google books my library help advanced book search get print book no ebook available amazon.com barnes&noble.com books-a-million indiebound find in a library all sellers » get textbooks on google play rent and save from the world's largest ebookstore. read, highlight, and take notes, across web, tablet, and phone. go to google play now » transforming america: perspectives on u.s. immigration [3 volumes] : perspectives on u.s. immigration michael c. lemay abc-clio , dec 10, 2012 - social science - 807 pages utilizing multiple perspectives of related academic disciplines, this three-volume set of contributed essays enables readers to understand the complexity of immigration to the united states and grasp how our history of immigration has made this nation what it is today. transforming america: perspectives on u.s. immigration covers immigration to the united states from the founding of america to the present. comprising 3 volumes of 31 original scholarly essays, the work is the first of its kind to explore immigration and immigration policy in the united states throughout its history. these essays provide a variety of interdisciplinary perspectives from experts in cultural anthropology, history, political science, economics, and education. the book will provide readers with a critical understanding of the historical precedents to today's mass migration. viewing the immigration issue from the perspectives of the contributors' various relevant disciplines enables a better grasp of the complex conundrum presented by legal and illegal immigration policy. about the author (2012) michael c. lemay is professor emeritus from california state university-san bernardino. his published works include abc-clio's illegal immigration and praeger's guarding the gates: immigration and national security . bibliographic information title transforming america: perspectives on u.s. immigration [3 volumes]: perspectives on u.s. immigration ebsco ebook academic collection volume 1 of making of a nation of nations: the founding to 1865 volume 1 of transforming america editor michael c. lemay edition illustrated publisher abc-clio, 2012 isbn 0313396442, 9780313396441 length 807 pages subjects social science › sociology › general social science / emigration & immigration social science / human geography social science / sociology / general &nbsp &nbsp export citation bibtex endnote refman about google books - privacy policy - terms of service - information for publishers - report an issue - help - google home