market square - downtown pittsburgh things to do programs + activities market square mellon square downtown activation + public art vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities downtown events calendar submit an event downtown business directory arts + culture catering dining family fun health + beauty nightlife shopping sports + recreation visit accommodations getting around alternative transportation driving directions public transit + passenger rail biking parking parking resources public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle resident testimonials residential resources services get involved membership become a member membership directory employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources #lovedowntownpitt downtown pittsburgh retail snapshot co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff employment opportunities annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation downtown mobility plan construction updates research + reports downtown activity dashboard state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports annual report programs + activities market square downtown activation + public art holiday programming downtown sound picklesburgh world square publications + social media news board of directors contact us join the newsletter news submit an event make a payment events programs + activities visit getting around dine shop contact us parking research and reports site search about the pittsburgh downtown partnership market square a historic outdoor setting in the heart of the city, market square is the hub of downtown activity. there’s always something going on in the square, whether it’s a farmers market, live music, yoga, a fitness class, or simply a gathering place to enjoy good weather and the multitude of shops and restaurants nearby! what makes market square so special? the eclectic mix of old and new! with historic establishments like the original oyster house – which opened in 1871 – to a plethora of new restaurants, bars and coffee shops, plus free events, public art, and local shops nearby, market square is the place to be. the pittsburgh downtown partnership hosts free events in market square every day of the week throughout the summer. check out our program offerings below! summer programming in market square may – october, 2024 view live events & activities schedule lunchtime & happy hour concerts in market square this event has ended for the season – see you next year! live music plays an important role in providing a higher quality of life within urban neighborhoods by supporting cultural expression, social identity, economic development, and most importantly a positive and safe sense of place. wednesday lunchtime concerts sponsored by workout wednesdays this event has ended for the season – see you next year! get ready to move it, move it! market square offers local studios and gyms a unique opportunity for after-work, outdoor work-outs, classes and more! yoga in the square this event has ended for the season – see you next year! pittsburgh’s favorite public yoga series brings some of the city’s best instructors into downtown for two free weekly classes held in the middle of market square. view 2024 season details farmers markets thursdays | 10 a.m. – 2 p.m. final day of 2024 season: thursday, october 31st a seasonal staple for thousands of downtown visitors, residents, and workers, the market square farmers market is a unique and exciting shopping experience that showcases over 50 local farmers and vendors, as well as the region’s finest small-batch wine & spirit producers. view 2024 season details theme nights this event has ended for the season – see you next year! grab a beer from slyfox and hang out after work or a fun night out with friends. with a range of rotating programs, from jazz and poetry jams, to trivia and bingo, market square is the place to be on thursdays in the summer. night markets final dates of 2024 season: fright up nights – friday, october 25th & saturday, october 26th from 4 – 9 p.m. night markets bring an awesome outdoor pop-up shopping market and festival to downtown, featuring pittsburgh’s most creative independent vendors. clothing, furniture, candles, food, drinks, and more are exhibited in this weekly series. view 2024 season details market square & mellon square schedule looking for something to do? check out our downtown events calendar . getting here submit an event if you are looking to host an event in market square please fill out this application . to host an event in market square, you first need to acquire a special event permit from the city of pittsburgh . once you have obtained an approved permit, please complete this application . (note: submitting a complete application does not guarantee approval. applicants will be notified of approval by email.) thank you to the bny mellon foundation of southwestern pa for their support. share this page facebook twitter linkedin email contact us 412-566-4190 email us pittsburgh downtown partnership the bank tower 307 fourth avenue – floor 2 pittsburgh, pa 15222 share this page facebook twitter linkedin email things to do programs + activities downtown events calendar downtown business directory visit accommodations getting around parking public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle residential resources services get involved membership employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation research + reports programs + activities publications + social media board of directors connect with us... © 2025  pittsburgh downtown partnership. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy