downtown activation + public art - downtown pittsburgh things to do programs + activities market square mellon square downtown activation + public art vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities downtown events calendar submit an event downtown business directory arts + culture catering dining family fun health + beauty nightlife shopping sports + recreation visit accommodations getting around alternative transportation driving directions public transit + passenger rail biking parking parking resources public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle resident testimonials residential resources services get involved membership become a member membership directory employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources #lovedowntownpitt downtown pittsburgh retail snapshot co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff employment opportunities annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation downtown mobility plan construction updates research + reports downtown activity dashboard state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports annual report programs + activities market square downtown activation + public art holiday programming downtown sound picklesburgh world square publications + social media news board of directors contact us join the newsletter news submit an event make a payment events programs + activities visit getting around dine shop contact us parking research and reports site search about the pittsburgh downtown partnership downtown activation + public art developed in 2013, the downtown activation and public art initiative is a multi-year effort to enhance the downtown neighborhood through public art events, creating thoughtful and innovative programming that enlivens unique areas throughout downtown pittsburgh. our efforts employ object-, programming-, and community-based strategies to create a more sustainable neighborhood. over the past few years, the pdp has successfully implemented a number of programs to enhance the vibrancy of downtown, from the transformation of market square and the expansion of our programming to the installation of public art in strawberry way. to build upon these efforts, the pdp will continue to initiate a range of programs and installations that enliven downtown. penn avenue | around downtown | cultural district | garrison place | strawberry way | market square | walking tours & publications sixth street pittsburgh postcard , 2022 by phil seth designed and painted by pittsburgh native phil seth, this mural was created as part of efforts to enhance 6 th street as a destination dining corridor in the heart of downtown’s cultural district. this work is made possible with the generous support of the benter foundation. seventh ave emerging visions 2.0 , “send my love to the hill,” 2024 by charlese dawson charlese dawson’s “send my love to the hill” is a love letter to the neighborhood where she grew up, connecting the past and present of both the hill and her own experiences to imagine the future. complemented by poet jhordan price near the corner of seventh ave and william penn place, dawson’s work invites pedestrians and drivers to pause in their commutes and journeys to contemplate the life and joys of residents of the hill district today. she brings in the voices of poets writing about black life and joy, friendship, and family to complement her photographs that represent a community that has undergone dramatic change, decay, and renewal. strawberry way rainbow road , 2022 by max gonzales & shane pilster and students from pittsburgh capa this new 440-foot long street mural has transformed downtown’s strawberry way into a vibrant work of public art created by students of pittsburgh creative and performing arts. smithfield st planting seeds: taking steps , 2023 by do what we love , a pittsburgh-based artist duo created by max emiliano gonzales and shane pilster the vibrant murals adorning the frank & seder building at 441 smithfield street beautifully encapsulate nature’s tranquility and the bustling cityscape, adding a burst of color to a prominent corner of downtown. they are part of the pittsburgh downtown partnership’s great route project , a transformative initiative aimed at enhancing the pedestrian experience in downtown pittsburgh. the forbes avenue side of the building features “planting seeds,” a mural that celebrates the natural beauty of pittsburgh. its design harmonizes with the new planters installed along the forbes avenue corridor, turning this high traffic area into a softer streetscape with more natural textures. in contrast, “taking steps,” located on the bustling fifth avenue side, captures the essence of an active downtown streetscape. market square greedy pigeons , 2022 by josie norton cultural district coffey way shadow gallery , 2024 by clear story the pittsburgh downtown partnership (pdp) has unveiled a new site-specific artistic lighting installation on coffey way between sixth avenue and strawberry way. with support from the pdp’s uncommon & curated fund and a grant provided by the colcom foundation , the shadow gallery was created by pittsburgh-based lighting design and production firm clear story , and is now operational in the evening hours. “the installation creates an experiential conversation between the patterns of light projection across the surfaces of coffey way and the images contained within the lightboxes,” said rob long , principal and design director of clear story, a pittsburgh-based design and consulting firm. cultural trust projects explore 13 different public art projects installed throughout the cultural district in downtown, including large-scale sculptural pieces, temporary activations, and art you can interact with. one oxford centre elemental , 2024 carolina loyola-garcia coming august 2024 elemental is a site-specific multi-channel video installation designed to showcase a loop of nature videos depicting the ocean, an active erupting volcano, snow, wind, sunsets, clouds, and flora. the alternating footage of nature provides passersby a moment to wonder and a window into worlds far from the downtown business atmosphere. it is meant to serve as a moment of respite or as an invitation to a few minutes of meditation or solace. read artist statement . around downtown emerging visions , 2023 various artists this collaboration with silver eye center for photography features the works of rising pittsburgh artists on the windows of currently vacant storefronts along liberty ave., creating a public art gallery in the heart of downtown. skinny building mural , 2023 by alexis gideon, loring taoka, and sophia marie pappas the art supply co. worked with pnc bank to reimagine the historical skinny building in downtown pittsburgh with support from the pittsburgh downtown partnership. the result is the art in the heart program, a large-scale mural project which covers the second and third story windows of one of the world’s narrowest commercial buildings. with theater lights placed strategically inside, the piece becomes a lightbox at night and encourages viewing at all hours. through an open call for regional artists, three artists were chosen to participate in a paid design process: alexis gideon , loring taoka , and sophia marie pappas . judah , 2022 by curtis reeves downtown renown , 2020 by gavin benjamin the “downtown renown” installation features 14 artworks and stories that celebrate the careers of pittsburgh sports icons and athletic groundbreakers. installed in windows around downtown, find artistic renderings of household names from mario lemieux and franco harris, to swin cash, dan mccoy, and more, showcasing a breadth of talent and accomplishments that is truly inspirational. garrison place garrison canal , 2018 by andrea polli if you were disappointed to see the beautiful lighted artwork, energy flow , disappear from the rachel carson bridge, you will be happy to learn that lighted elements of the original artwork have been re-used to create a dynamic new piece: garrison canal . andrea polli, who created the original work, has created the new light work which turns the garrison place alleyway into an imaginary underwater future world of big data. visitors to the canal “swim” below a wave of thousands of shimmering lights that transform color and animate in response to real-time changes in the local weather conditions from a weather station downtown. the pittsburgh downtown partnership commissioned this piece as a wonderful opportunity to reuse elements of work that was much-loved by pittsburghers and visitors alike. the project is part of a larger initiative to enliven downtown alleyways with lighting, artwork, and pedestrian enhancements. garrison canal can be viewed in garrison place, between the 900 block of liberty avenue and exchange way. “ garrison canal continues the effort of many in downtown to utilize art to encourage exploration of our beautiful built environment” said jeremy waldrup, president and ceo of the pittsburgh downtown partnership. “enhancing unexpected places through art makes a neighborhood unique, enjoyable and accessible for everyone.” mellon square paint the town purple , 2024 by babesburgh babesburgh is proud to launch paint the town purple , a new public art exhibition funded by the pittsburgh downtown partnership’s placemaking grant . paint the town purple offers passersby a chance to see a visual, historical representation of 16 important women in pittsburgh as imagined and illustrated by four pittsburgh-based female artists. these incredible, colorful illustrations will be on display along smithfield street, at mellon square park. “i’m immensely grateful for the opportunity to uplift and depict so many influential pittsburgh women who made such an impact,” said emily paige armstrong , one of the artists involved in the project, along with janel young , stella begnal , and ifeoma igwe . walking tours & publications thanks to our friends at the office of public art and greater pittsburgh arts council, you can download free self-guided walking tours and a variety of publications detailing even more public art on display in and around downtown. visit their website. share this page facebook twitter linkedin email contact us 412-566-4190 email us pittsburgh downtown partnership the bank tower 307 fourth avenue – floor 2 pittsburgh, pa 15222 share this page facebook twitter linkedin email things to do programs + activities downtown events calendar downtown business directory visit accommodations getting around parking public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle residential resources services get involved membership employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation research + reports programs + activities publications + social media board of directors connect with us... © 2025  pittsburgh downtown partnership. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy