getting around - downtown pittsburgh things to do programs + activities market square mellon square downtown activation + public art vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities downtown events calendar submit an event downtown business directory arts + culture catering dining family fun health + beauty nightlife shopping sports + recreation visit accommodations getting around alternative transportation driving directions public transit + passenger rail biking parking parking resources public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle resident testimonials residential resources services get involved membership become a member membership directory employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources #lovedowntownpitt downtown pittsburgh retail snapshot co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff employment opportunities annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation downtown mobility plan construction updates research + reports downtown activity dashboard state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports annual report programs + activities market square downtown activation + public art holiday programming downtown sound picklesburgh world square publications + social media news board of directors contact us join the newsletter news submit an event make a payment events programs + activities visit getting around dine shop contact us parking research and reports site search about the pittsburgh downtown partnership getting around getting here and around downtown pittsburgh is easier than ever with more than 80 bus and light rail routes serving downtown daily, relaxing while you let someone else do the driving into town makes commuting a breeze. downtown is the most walkable neighborhood in pittsburgh, whether you’re a long-time yinzer or new to the city. plus, biking, carsharing, and parking are all available and easy to do. explore more below. walking | biking | bike share | public transit | inclines | rail | paratransit | parking | driving | tools & resources walking did you know you can walk from one end of downtown to the other in 25 minutes or less? getting to major destinations like sports stadiums, museums, restaurants, and more is accomplished easily on foot. enjoy the three rivers heritage trail system for 24 miles of riverfront trails providing access to city neighborhoods, business districts, and local attractions, and cross both the fort pitt and fort duquesne bridges with dedicated pedestrian walkways. biking explore downtown using dedicated and protected bike lanes throughout the neighborhood. use the new mon wharf switchback ramp to effortlessly bike from point state park to smithfield street, the three rivers heritage trail, and beyond. learn more about biking in pittsburgh, including how-to videos, maps, tips and tricks, and more at bikepgh.org . pogoh bike share pogoh is pittsburgh’s public bike-sharing system and as of may 2022, the system has been revamped and now includes new stations, equipment, and services. rides start at $3.50 for 30 minute rides on standard bikes and $5.00 for 30 minute rides on e-pedal assist bikes. learn more and check out the updated system map . public transit take a break from the car and don’t worry about the stress of traffic: hop on a pittsburgh regional transit (prt) bus or light rail train for easy travel into and out of downtown seven days a week. one-way fares on light rail and buses are $2.75 for both connectcard and cash users; children up to age 5 ride free with a fare-paying adult. plan your public transit trip. the light rail system connects the north shore and downtown pittsburgh to the south hills neighborhoods, including stops nearby heinz field, pnc park, and rivers casino. travel around quickly in the light rail free fare zone with unlimited free travel between the first side and north shore stops. prt and other bus services connect downtown to neighborhoods and destinations throughout the region. bus service to the airport is available on the 28x – airport flyer, with a limited number of stops between downtown and pittsburgh international airport. heading to the east end? a dedicated bus-only road provides fast travel between downtown and the east end communities, including shadyside, east liberty, wilkinsburg, and swissvale. make your transit ride even smoother with a connectcard. available for purchase at the downtown service station and downtown light rail stations, this refillable card acts like cash and can store weekly, monthly, and annual passes. transfers are free within 3 hours using a connectcard. mobile payment is also available for all prt trips. just download the transit app and use your smartphone to purchase fares on the go. pittsburgh’s inclines historic and offering breathtaking views of pittsburgh’s iconic skyline, the monongahela incline and duquesne incline are both parts of the city’s public transit system and provide easy access to and from the top of mt. washington. trips run approximately every 15 minutes. both inclines accept the prt connectcard. for fares and more information, click here . monongahela incline monday – saturday: 5:30 a.m. – 12:45 a.m. sundays & holidays: 8:45 a.m. – midnight payment is accepted at the upper station. duquesne incline monday – saturday: 5:30 a.m. – 12:45 a.m. sundays & holidays: 7:00 a.m. – 12:45 a.m. payment is accepted at the lower station. passenger rail the pennsylvanian and the capitol limited have daily trips through downtown, offering connections to national destinations including harrisburg, philadelphia, chicago, washington, d.c., and new york city. learn more. paratransit access is a paratransit service that provides door-to-door, advanced reservation transportation, primarily serving people with disabilities, human service agencies, and people aged 65 and over. reserve a ride by calling (412) 562-5353 or relay 711. parking did you know that anywhere you are in downtown, you’re only a five-minute walk from a parking garage? when you do have to drive, check parkpgh.org for the real-time status of parking garages before you arrive. on-street, metered parking is available throughout the neighborhood, but be sure to check all posted signage for special event closures, valets, and other restrictions. on-street parking in permitted areas is free after 6:00 p.m. monday – saturday and all-day on sundays and major holidays. learn more about parking resources in downtown . driving follow these recommended routes to get in and out of downtown, and stay up-to-date with construction on our construction updates page . tools & resources downtown made easy guide download and save this free map of downtown pittsburgh, featuring parks, bicycle parking, the light rail free fare zone, and more. looking for a physical map? request free physical copies for your home or place of work by sending us an email . note: if you’re outside the golden triangle and are requesting more than 50 guides, please arrange to pick them up at our office. we can mail them to you, however, there will be a fee associated with the mailing. zipcar more and more pittsburghers are choosing to live without a car, but for those times when having a car is needed, zipcar pittsburgh is there. cars, trucks, and vans are available to rent by the hour or the day throughout downtown pittsburgh, with special rates for college students. zipcar.com/pittsburgh uber, lyft, & z-trip catch easy, affordable, and reliable rides within minutes using uber , lyft , and z-trip services throughout downtown and the city of pittsburgh. tools we like simplify your daily commute and make getting around even easier. here are some of our team’s favorite apps and tools: transit app : get real-time information and route planning that combines public transportation, ride-hailing, bike share, and car share  (smartphone app) google maps : plan your journey and map out detours, whether by foot, bike, car, or public transit (smartphone app/web) commuteinfo : find info on how to schedule your daily commute, including regional transit, vanpooling, carpooling, biking, and park-n-ride facilities (web) parkpgh : plan ahead with real-time availability info for greater downtown pittsburgh garages (smartphone app/web/text/call) note: the tools listed above are third-party products and services that are helpful in getting around downtown, but are not administered by the pittsburgh downtown partnership. share this page facebook twitter linkedin email downtown directory accommodations arts + culture catering co-working + shared office education entertainment family fun health + beauty housing + residential nightlife parking religious restaurants services shopping sports + recreation accommodations arts + culture catering co-working + shared office education entertainment family fun health + beauty housing + residential nightlife parking religious restaurants services shopping sports + recreation about pdp join our mailing list contact us 412-566-4190 email us pittsburgh downtown partnership the bank tower 307 fourth avenue – floor 2 pittsburgh, pa 15222 share this page facebook twitter linkedin email things to do programs + activities downtown events calendar downtown business directory visit accommodations getting around parking public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle residential resources services get involved membership employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation research + reports programs + activities publications + social media board of directors connect with us... © 2025  pittsburgh downtown partnership. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy