downtown lifestyle - downtown pittsburgh things to do programs + activities market square mellon square downtown activation + public art vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities downtown events calendar submit an event downtown business directory arts + culture catering dining family fun health + beauty nightlife shopping sports + recreation visit accommodations getting around alternative transportation driving directions public transit + passenger rail biking parking parking resources public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle resident testimonials residential resources services get involved membership become a member membership directory employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources #lovedowntownpitt downtown pittsburgh retail snapshot co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff employment opportunities annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation downtown mobility plan construction updates research + reports downtown activity dashboard state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports annual report programs + activities market square downtown activation + public art holiday programming downtown sound picklesburgh world square publications + social media news board of directors contact us join the newsletter news submit an event make a payment events programs + activities visit getting around dine shop contact us parking research and reports site search about the pittsburgh downtown partnership downtown lifestyle great city… great neighbors! young professionals, empty nesters, families—thousands are making their new home in greater downtown pittsburgh. downtown living. what’s the attraction? for many, the incredible convenience of walking to work is a perfect reason to start. but that’s only the beginning. the views are spectacular; the green spaces, including riverfront trails, are plentiful; theater, nightlife, great restaurants, and exciting sporting events are all within easy walking distance. and the living spaces themselves – from modern apartments and condos to spacious lofts in historic buildings – are beautifully distinctive. when you make the choice to live in downtown pittsburgh, you’ll be living in the best downtown in america. parks + riverfront downtown may be the city’s urban center, but we also have some great parks and riverfront trails to explore! point state park opened in 1974 and is a 36-acre park located at the tip of the golden triangle that features expansive lawns, riverfront tails, and the famous point state park fountain which sprays water up to 150 feet into the air at the head of the park, where the allegheny river and monongahela river meet to form the ohio river. be sure to visit golden triangle bike rental or kayak pittsburgh to make the most of point state park and be sure to check out friend’s of the riverfront for information on riverfront trails and activities throughout pittsburgh. mellon square, first opened in 1955, is a garden plaza, the first of its kind to be built atop a parking garage, that covers just over 1.25 acres. in 2014, the park was rededicated after a complete revitalization project was undertaken by the pittsburgh parks conservancy in cooperation with the city of pittsburgh, the pittsburgh parking authority, and the pittsburgh history and landmarks foundation. market square, the home of many of pdp’s programs such as the market square farmers market , is officially a city of pittsburgh park! be sure to keep an eye on our website for all of the latest events planned for the square. share this page facebook twitter linkedin email downtown directory accommodations arts + culture catering co-working + shared office education entertainment family fun health + beauty housing + residential nightlife parking religious restaurants services shopping sports + recreation accommodations arts + culture catering co-working + shared office education entertainment family fun health + beauty housing + residential nightlife parking religious restaurants services shopping sports + recreation about pdp join our mailing list contact us 412-566-4190 email us pittsburgh downtown partnership the bank tower 307 fourth avenue – floor 2 pittsburgh, pa 15222 share this page facebook twitter linkedin email things to do programs + activities downtown events calendar downtown business directory visit accommodations getting around parking public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle residential resources services get involved membership employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation research + reports programs + activities publications + social media board of directors connect with us... © 2025  pittsburgh downtown partnership. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy