resident testimonials - downtown pittsburgh things to do programs + activities market square mellon square downtown activation + public art vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities downtown events calendar submit an event downtown business directory arts + culture catering dining family fun health + beauty nightlife shopping sports + recreation visit accommodations getting around alternative transportation driving directions public transit + passenger rail biking parking parking resources public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle resident testimonials residential resources services get involved membership become a member membership directory employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources #lovedowntownpitt downtown pittsburgh retail snapshot co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff employment opportunities annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation downtown mobility plan construction updates research + reports downtown activity dashboard state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports annual report programs + activities market square downtown activation + public art holiday programming downtown sound picklesburgh world square publications + social media news board of directors contact us join the newsletter news submit an event make a payment events programs + activities visit getting around dine shop contact us parking research and reports site search about the pittsburgh downtown partnership resident testimonials “we moved to the city because we wanted to be in the epicenter of pittsburgh.  living downtown has allowed us to be spoiled by the convenience factor and amount of activities in downtown.  we walk every day, take buses when necessary to pitt or cmu, and have a car for emergencies.  we would tell anyone considering moving downtown to – ‘just do it!’” – joe & rosemarie “we choose to move downtown because we love architecture and we were looking for a cool urban space in which to live.  we found our building walking from the ymca one day.  we live at 429 first avenue which is a former paper warehouse that was converted into lofts in 1998.  we were immediately drawn to the open industrial feel, the exposed ceiling beams and concrete floor.  since moving here almost 4 years ago, we can’t envision living anywhere else. our favorite thing about living downtown is that we are within easy walking distance to the strip district, north shore, south side, and station square – in addition to all of our favorite downtown locations.  although we still have the benefits of a small roof top garden, we no longer spend our weekends on yard work and driving for basic amenities.  we are better able to take advantage of the recreational and cultural offerings that make pittsburgh a great place to live.” – chris and april “my husband and i moved from boston to pittsburgh in 2000 to launch alphagraphics in the cultural district.  wanting to be close to our business, we were drawn to the pennsylvanian for downtown living and the opportunity to be a part of the growing vitality of the arts and restaurant scene that was about to explode in the area. at the pennsylvanian, we have a very unique, historic space to call home—it features dramatic 18-foot ceilings, stunning crown moldings, and gleaming hardwood floors and mahogany paneling. what’s the best part? we’re just steps away from hearing a world-class symphony concert, watching a broadway show, dining at any number of wonderful restaurants, cheering on a professional sports team, and biking breathtaking trails along the three rivers. having lived in other major metropolitan areas in urban settings, we think pittsburgh is a real jewel—and so do our friends who come to visit us. one of my greatest pleasures is working out with my trainer near the stadiums along the water, with the backdrop of our beautiful city. we love living downtown and couldn’t imagine being in the suburbs.”  – clare “downtown pittsburgh is right now in the midst of the most impressive renaissance i have ever witnessed.  it is so exciting and i am so hopeful about this city’s future that i am in the process of trying to open a hardware store down here.  i see nothing but good coming our way and am delighted to live right here in the heart of it all and be a part of the new retail, art, and community scene i see unfolding.  i attribute much of pittsburgh’s rebirth to the hard work of the pittsburgh downtown partnership and the conscious decision of our mayor to make downtown pittsburgh a safe and clean place for people to live, work and play 24 hours per day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year.  i am truly proud to be a downtowner and invite others to come down here and give it a try!” – donna share this page facebook twitter linkedin email downtown directory accommodations arts + culture catering co-working + shared office education entertainment family fun health + beauty housing + residential nightlife parking religious restaurants services shopping sports + recreation accommodations arts + culture catering co-working + shared office education entertainment family fun health + beauty housing + residential nightlife parking religious restaurants services shopping sports + recreation about pdp join our mailing list contact us 412-566-4190 email us pittsburgh downtown partnership the bank tower 307 fourth avenue – floor 2 pittsburgh, pa 15222 share this page facebook twitter linkedin email things to do programs + activities downtown events calendar downtown business directory visit accommodations getting around parking public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle residential resources services get involved membership employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation research + reports programs + activities publications + social media board of directors connect with us... © 2025  pittsburgh downtown partnership. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy