downtown rent abatement program - downtown pittsburgh things to do programs + activities market square mellon square downtown activation + public art vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities downtown events calendar submit an event downtown business directory arts + culture catering dining family fun health + beauty nightlife shopping sports + recreation visit accommodations getting around alternative transportation driving directions public transit + passenger rail biking parking parking resources public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle resident testimonials residential resources services get involved membership become a member membership directory employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources #lovedowntownpitt downtown pittsburgh retail snapshot co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff employment opportunities annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation downtown mobility plan construction updates research + reports downtown activity dashboard state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports annual report programs + activities market square downtown activation + public art holiday programming downtown sound picklesburgh world square publications + social media news board of directors contact us join the newsletter news submit an event make a payment events programs + activities visit getting around dine shop contact us parking research and reports site search about the pittsburgh downtown partnership downtown rent abatement program the downtown rent abatement program (drap) aims to foster the development of new, independent businesses in downtown pittsburgh, building on existing retail destination clusters or filling needed gaps in retail offerings. businesses must have a potential location identified and be in active lease negotiations at the time of submitting the application. now accepting applications! apply now about the program this program is designed to assist new businesses that are actively pursuing a location within downtown pittsburgh by offering a rent subsidy. this competitive program accepts applications on a rolling basis, and not all applicants are guaranteed funding. the program provides a subsidy of up to 50% of the monthly rent, capped at a maximum of $2,000 per month for 12 months, with a multi-year lease. program conditions the program duration is 12 months the rent subsidy does not support a property build-out period greater than 90 days and will pause if the business is not operating within 90 days. the payment pause will extend a maximum of 90 days. the grantee is required to be operating in the approved property within 180 days of the lease start date, or program award will be void. property owner must be current on real estate taxes or be on a payment plan, and without any active building code violations. ready to apply? before applying, consult with pdp’s senior director of economic development and review the downtown rent abatement program guidelines and rubric below. download program guidelines [pdf] download rubric [pdf] how to apply: a business identifies an eligible storefront within downtown pittsburgh and negotiates a letter of intent with the property owner/landlord that identifies the terms that will be incorporated into a lease. the business completes the rent abatement application, along with attachments, and returns it to the pittsburgh downtown partnership (pdp). if the application meets the guidelines and criteria, it is forwarded to the selection committee, composed of downtown businesses, residents, property owners and other stakeholders, for consideration toward review and approval. if approved, the pdp will begin providing the rent abatement subsidy per the lease term start date. funds disbursement the funds will be paid directly to the property owner or management, in accordance with the lease. the business owner is responsible for paying the portion not covered by the subsidy. questions? please contact cate irvin, senior director of economic development at cirvin@downtownpittsburgh.com or 412-325-0157 apply now share this page facebook twitter linkedin email contact us 412-566-4190 email us pittsburgh downtown partnership the bank tower 307 fourth avenue – floor 2 pittsburgh, pa 15222 share this page facebook twitter linkedin email things to do programs + activities downtown events calendar downtown business directory visit accommodations getting around parking public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle residential resources services get involved membership employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation research + reports programs + activities publications + social media board of directors connect with us... © 2025  pittsburgh downtown partnership. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy