project pop-up - downtown pittsburgh things to do programs + activities market square mellon square downtown activation + public art vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities downtown events calendar submit an event downtown business directory arts + culture catering dining family fun health + beauty nightlife shopping sports + recreation visit accommodations getting around alternative transportation driving directions public transit + passenger rail biking parking parking resources public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle resident testimonials residential resources services get involved membership become a member membership directory employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources #lovedowntownpitt downtown pittsburgh retail snapshot co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff employment opportunities annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation downtown mobility plan construction updates research + reports downtown activity dashboard state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports annual report programs + activities market square downtown activation + public art holiday programming downtown sound picklesburgh world square publications + social media news board of directors contact us join the newsletter news submit an event make a payment events programs + activities visit getting around dine shop contact us parking research and reports site search about the pittsburgh downtown partnership project pop-up project pop-up has been an exciting initiative to bring vibrancy and innovation to downtown pittsburgh through temporary retail and creative business activations. as the program evolves, we are currently accepting limited applications for a reduced number of spaces. check back to see available spaces and see if one is the right fit for your concept. this scaled-back approach allows us to focus on curating high-impact activations that align with our vision of enhancing downtown’s dynamic atmosphere. if you’re interested in learning more or discussing potential opportunities, we encourage you to reach out to us directly. contact us for more information. applications are being accepted on a limited basis. about project pop-up in collaboration with downtown property owners and through the generous support of the hillman foundation, project pop-up is currently seeking applications from prospective pop-up retail businesses to transform vacant storefronts into vibrant, activated spaces, creating new and exciting destinations in downtown pittsburgh. the goal of this initiative is to implement storefront concepts that will further contribute to downtown’s growing small business community. activation can range from six months to one year, with the potential for extended occupancy. program benefits simplified process: applying is straightforward—contact us for current availability and application instructions.rent-free lease terms. affordable launch opportunity : selected participants benefit from rent-free or significant reduced rent lease terms for 6–12 months in their storefront space. partnership possibilities. share your space with another entrepreneur or partner on a collaborative concept to maximize impact. financial incentives. grants of up to $15,000 per storefront are available to cover expenses like utilities, setup, maintenance, insurance, events, and implementing the pop-up concept. built-in customer base. downtown thrives as a vibrant neighborhood, attracting a constant flow of visitors, residents, and workers. capitalize on the existing customer base and contribute to the expanding foot traffic in the area. how to apply: review the full project pop-up program overview and requirements. for current availability and application instructions, please contact cate irvin, senior director of economic development, a cirvin@downtownpittsburgh.com questions? please contact cate irvin, senior director of economic development at cirvin@downtownpittsburgh.com or 412-325-0157 with questions regarding the program, application, or other project pop-up related inquiries. current project pop-up locations explore the diverse and dynamic businesses, art installations, and exhibitions that have come to life through project pop-up. these participants are bringing new energy to downtown pittsburgh with their unique contributions and creative offerings. az home details 421 seventh ave corner of seventh ave & william penn place handmade, sustainable home décor and gifts. pair charcuterie 201 smithfield street breakfast and lunch, coffee shop, and artisanal charcuterie boards and fine foods. catering options available. the market at greenwood smithfield 215 smithfield street a collaborative initiative between greenwood plan and cocoapreneur, hosting black-owned businesses in the storefronts of this historic building. the store at aither yoga 339 forbes ave curated selection of yoga essentials, wellness products, and mindful living accessories designed to support your practice and everyday well-being. stevasana juice & food co. 210 forbes ave nutrient-rich fresh pressed juices. emerging visions this multi-site urban gallery exhibition created in collaboration with silver eye center for photography features the works from emerging pittsburgh artists, transforming vacant storefronts in downtown into an outdoor art experience. various works by evangeline mensah-agyekum 529 liberty avenue as a self-taught artist, mensah-agyekum primarily works with photography, fashion, and film. evangeline draws inspiration from the banalities of daily life and the black experience to explore blackness, womanhood, and the unique intersections of identity. much of her work aims to capture individuals, in part by transforming them, portraying undaunted characters through their vulnerability. legacy (2018) by anqwenique kinsel 604 liberty avenue anqwenique is a versatile artist and educator known for her talents in opera, classical, jazz, and soul music. as the founder and director of groove aesthetic, she delves into contemporary performance and collaborative processes. legacy pays tribute to the legendary leontyne price, the first african american operatic soprano to achieve international recognition. stay awhile (2023) by sobia ahmad 817 liberty avenue ahmad’s ongoing body of work centers on pando, an ancient aspen tree grove in south-central utah, believed to be over 10,000 years old. unified by a single immense root system, pando stands as the earth’s oldest and heaviest living organism, embodying interconnectedness and oneness. ahmad’s art explores the transcendental power of everyday experiences, objects, and practices through various slow and contemplative processes. “send my love to the hill” artworks by charlese dawson and poem by jhordan price 421 seventh avenue this photobook of poetry takes audiences on a tour through the hill district through the lens of people who are a part of the community. send my love to the hill is a love letter to this historic black community that has nurtured both dawson’s artistry and humanity. appropriately, this installation is only yards away from the august wilson african american cultural center whose esteemed namesake described life in the hill over decades and generations. share this page facebook twitter linkedin email contact us 412-566-4190 email us pittsburgh downtown partnership the bank tower 307 fourth avenue – floor 2 pittsburgh, pa 15222 share this page facebook twitter linkedin email things to do programs + activities downtown events calendar downtown business directory visit accommodations getting around parking public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle residential resources services get involved membership employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation research + reports programs + activities publications + social media board of directors connect with us... © 2025  pittsburgh downtown partnership. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy