downtown pittsburgh on-street services things to do programs + activities market square mellon square downtown activation + public art vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities downtown events calendar submit an event downtown business directory arts + culture catering dining family fun health + beauty nightlife shopping sports + recreation visit accommodations getting around alternative transportation driving directions public transit + passenger rail biking parking parking resources public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle resident testimonials residential resources services get involved membership become a member membership directory employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources #lovedowntownpitt downtown pittsburgh retail snapshot co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff employment opportunities annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation downtown mobility plan construction updates research + reports downtown activity dashboard state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports annual report programs + activities market square downtown activation + public art holiday programming downtown sound picklesburgh world square publications + social media news board of directors contact us join the newsletter news submit an event make a payment events programs + activities visit getting around dine shop contact us parking research and reports site search about the pittsburgh downtown partnership on-street services the clean, outreach, and hospitality programs are some of the most visible and highly acclaimed initiatives of the pittsburgh downtown partnership. our on-street services team provides a very visible, uniformed, friendly and welcoming presence in our district. they help keep downtown pittsburgh’s sidewalks and streets free of litter and debris, greet pedestrians and complement the presence of the pittsburgh police by being eyes and ears on the ground. of course, keeping our downtown neighborhood clean and safe is a shared responsibility, and we work with local property owners, merchants and partners like the department of public works, pittsburgh school district police and the port authority to help maintain a cohesive effort. clean team the pdp clean team is well-traveled in its efforts to keep downtown clean. with their signature yellow uniforms, our team members walk a combined 12,000 miles annually, removing trash from the sidewalks, emptying and cleaning trash cans and cigarette receptacles, removing graffiti and handbills, and power-washing sidewalks and alleyways. they work seven days a week all year long beautifying downtown and complementing the work of pittsburgh’s department of public works. we are also enthusiastic about a partnership that began in 2017 with renewal inc. , a local workforce development program that assists people coming out of the criminal justice system. outreach team the pdp outreach team focuses on addressing and managing panhandling and homeless issues downtown. outreach ambassadors are specially trained to deal with the social circumstances surrounding these issues. outreach team members are responsible for providing a visible uniformed presence, interacting with panhandlers and homeless persons, and connecting them with the local social service outreach programs, organizations, and agencies within the boundaries of downtown’s business improvement district. our outreach ambassadors are always approachable, helpful, and non-judgmental. golden triangle ambassador program the golden triangle ambassador program was created by the pittsburgh downtown partnership and is operated by block by block with funding from the city of pittsburgh and community partners. this trained team work in shifts seven days a week, between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m., to deliver hospitality and public assistance, walking and biking patrols, monitoring, reporting, engagement with the street population, event support, and expanded outreach with local businesses. the pdp is extremely grateful for the commitment and support of business and program partners who were instrumental in the launch of our golden triangle ambassador program: benter foundation buchanan ingersoll buhl foundation calgon carbon citizens city of pittsburgh duquesne light eden hall foundation giant eagle highmark huntington koppers inc. peoples gas pitt ohio pnc ppg university of pittsburgh upmc additional information: city of pittsburgh ordinances: click here to learn the rules about trash removal, snow and ice removal, posting signs, and more for more information about picking up litter in your neighborhood, visit www.citizensagainstlitter.org contact us : call or text dispatch: (412) 855-6903 or email: dispatch@downtownpittsburgh.com monday through sunday, 7:00am – 11:00pm for emergencies, please call 911.  for police non-emergencies, please call 311. downtown community forums learn more about the efforts to ensure downtown remains a great place to live, work, and play at quarterly community meetings . share this page facebook twitter linkedin email contact us 412-566-4190 email us pittsburgh downtown partnership the bank tower 307 fourth avenue – floor 2 pittsburgh, pa 15222 share this page facebook twitter linkedin email things to do programs + activities downtown events calendar downtown business directory visit accommodations getting around parking public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle residential resources services get involved membership employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation research + reports programs + activities publications + social media board of directors connect with us... © 2025  pittsburgh downtown partnership. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy