mobility & transportation - downtown pittsburgh things to do programs + activities market square mellon square downtown activation + public art vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities downtown events calendar submit an event downtown business directory arts + culture catering dining family fun health + beauty nightlife shopping sports + recreation visit accommodations getting around alternative transportation driving directions public transit + passenger rail biking parking parking resources public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle resident testimonials residential resources services get involved membership become a member membership directory employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources #lovedowntownpitt downtown pittsburgh retail snapshot co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff employment opportunities annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation downtown mobility plan construction updates research + reports downtown activity dashboard state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports annual report programs + activities market square downtown activation + public art holiday programming downtown sound picklesburgh world square publications + social media news board of directors contact us join the newsletter news submit an event make a payment events programs + activities visit getting around dine shop contact us parking research and reports site search about the pittsburgh downtown partnership mobility & transportation the pdp’s work in transportation is an integral part of making downtown more efficient and manageable, making it easier to get into and around downtown pittsburgh by enhancing mobility choices. the pdp is a transportation management association (tma), one of three in the pittsburgh region. through the tma, we endeavor to improve access to and around downtown for motorists, transit riders, bicyclists and pedestrians with a focus on safety issues and encouragement of multi-modal transportation. public transit construction updates downtown mobility plan initiatives the pdp pursues transportation initiatives related to providing pittsburghers with transportation choices other than cars and ones that ease traffic congestion. these initiatives take the form of programming that is made available to the public or is project-specific or is a collaborative project. the pdp’s role is to represent the interests of the downtown business community and other downtown stakeholders. transportation advocacy the pittsburgh downtown partnership advocates on behalf of issues relating to downtown development and transportation. pdp research has identified public transit as key to downtown’s economy. as a result,the pdp has focused advocacy efforts on transportation funding statewide and public transit funding locally. advocacy efforts take the form of letters to the editor, emails, social media messaging and collaboration with partner organizations. bicycling initiatives the pdp works with the biking community to improve bike infrastructure and options in downtown. the pdp and bike pittsburgh worked together to design, manufacture and install the signature three rivers bike racks that can be seen throughout downtown. the pdp is working with the bike share program to identify locations for bike stations and worked with city planning and downtown stakeholders on the implementation of the downtown’s first bike lane on penn avenue. wayfinding one issue that resonates with visitors and newcomers to pittsburgh is the lack of a complete and attractive wayfinding system. the pdp is currently collaborating with stakeholders from the north side/north shore, oakland, downtown, and the city of pittsburgh to develop and implement a wayfinding system for all three neighborhoods that could serve as a template for other city neighborhoods. downtown street guides! view and download our free guides below for helpful tips and info about navigating downtown streets! purple zone guide waste & recycling guide pogoh start up guide share this page facebook twitter linkedin email contact us 412-566-4190 email us pittsburgh downtown partnership the bank tower 307 fourth avenue – floor 2 pittsburgh, pa 15222 share this page facebook twitter linkedin email things to do programs + activities downtown events calendar downtown business directory visit accommodations getting around parking public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle residential resources services get involved membership employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation research + reports programs + activities publications + social media board of directors connect with us... © 2025  pittsburgh downtown partnership. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy