research and reports - downtown pittsburgh things to do programs + activities market square mellon square downtown activation + public art vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities downtown events calendar submit an event downtown business directory arts + culture catering dining family fun health + beauty nightlife shopping sports + recreation visit accommodations getting around alternative transportation driving directions public transit + passenger rail biking parking parking resources public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle resident testimonials residential resources services get involved membership become a member membership directory employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources #lovedowntownpitt downtown pittsburgh retail snapshot co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff employment opportunities annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation downtown mobility plan construction updates research + reports downtown activity dashboard state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports annual report programs + activities market square downtown activation + public art holiday programming downtown sound picklesburgh world square publications + social media news board of directors contact us join the newsletter news submit an event make a payment events programs + activities visit getting around dine shop contact us parking research and reports site search about the pittsburgh downtown partnership research and reports the pittsburgh downtown partnership (pdp) conducts research to maintain its innovative programs and initiatives and foster a welcoming neighborhood for everyone who lives, works, and plays in downtown pittsburgh. looking for a specific report? use the links below to navigate this page. downtown activity dashboard | downtown pittsburgh investment map | state of downtown pittsburgh: snapshot reports | bike lane data | downtown resident survey | downtown developments newsletter | research archive downtown activity metrics to track activity downtown, the pdp regularly collects data, including visitor foot traffic, office building occupancy, parking garage utilization, bus ridership, bike share counts, and more. the pdp then analyzes this data to issue regular reports and updates on the state of downtown activity. view the downtown activity dashboard state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports the pdp produces state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports to dive deeply into specific topical areas, giving meaning to data, statistics, and trends for use by the general public. a detailed resource for landowners, developers, investors, and community leaders to showcase the economic vitality of downtown pittsburgh, the state of downtown pittsburgh report is available for download on our website. to supplement the report, additional data relevant to various sectors of the downtown community can be found on the downtown activity dashboard . read the latest state of downtown pittsburgh report real-time bike lane data do you want to find out how many people actually use the penn avenue bike lane? we’ve installed bike counters at three locations along penn avenue to monitor bike lane usage. note: the downtown bike lane counters are removed and not tracking from november through late march in order to mitigate excessive wear from snow removal. view pittsburgh bicycle & pedestrian counts (all counters) 1200 penn ave. counter data 900 penn ave. counter data 600 penn ave. counter data 2022 downtown resident survey the pdp conducts a resident survey every two years to gather the feedback and opinions of residents in greater downtown (consisting of the golden triangle, north shore, uptown, and strip district). the data obtained from this survey is used by the pdp to inform decision-making within the public and private sectors as well as to guide pdp programming and initiatives. the 2022 downtown resident survey is the seventh resident survey that has been conducted since the pdp began data tracking in 2008. download the 2022 downtown resident survey + report [pdf] research archive view past resident surveys, pedestrian studies, transit studies, and more. view archive get the latest on downtown development delivered to your inbox! subscribe to the downtown developments monthly newsletter and quarterly reports to get the latest in news, stats, figures, and updates related to development in the downtown pittsburgh neighborhood. subscribe to the pdp downtown developments monthly newsletter and quarterly reports * indicates required email address * first name last name company/organization marketing permissions please select all the ways you would like to hear from pittsburgh downtown partnership: email you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. for information about our privacy practices, please visit our website. we use mailchimp as our marketing platform. by clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to mailchimp for processing. learn more about mailchimp’s privacy practices here. share this page facebook twitter linkedin email contact us 412-566-4190 email us pittsburgh downtown partnership the bank tower 307 fourth avenue – floor 2 pittsburgh, pa 15222 share this page facebook twitter linkedin email things to do programs + activities downtown events calendar downtown business directory visit accommodations getting around parking public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle residential resources services get involved membership employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation research + reports programs + activities publications + social media board of directors connect with us... © 2025  pittsburgh downtown partnership. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy