publications + social media - downtown pittsburgh things to do programs + activities market square mellon square downtown activation + public art vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities downtown events calendar submit an event downtown business directory arts + culture catering dining family fun health + beauty nightlife shopping sports + recreation visit accommodations getting around alternative transportation driving directions public transit + passenger rail biking parking parking resources public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle resident testimonials residential resources services get involved membership become a member membership directory employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources #lovedowntownpitt downtown pittsburgh retail snapshot co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff employment opportunities annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation downtown mobility plan construction updates research + reports downtown activity dashboard state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports annual report programs + activities market square downtown activation + public art holiday programming downtown sound picklesburgh world square publications + social media news board of directors contact us join the newsletter news submit an event make a payment events programs + activities visit getting around dine shop contact us parking research and reports site search about the pittsburgh downtown partnership publications + social media as your guide to downtown pittsburgh, the pdp works hard to keep you in the know about all of the exciting events going on downtown through publications, via our social media, and especially through our weekly e-newsletters. social media follow us @downtownpitt on facebook , twitter , instagram , and linkedin ! share what you love with us by tagging your photos with #downtownpittsburgh. view this post on instagram a post shared by downtown pittsburgh (@downtownpitt) weekly newsletter: the low downtown the low downtown features news and previews of the upcoming week’s events in downtown and comes out every thursday. subscribe today and be in-the-know of all the cool happenings around the golden triangle! if you would like to submit an upcoming event for review, be sure to email pdp@downtownpittsburgh.com by 5:00 p.m. on tuesday to be considered in the following week’s issue. to browse previous editions , click here . annual report the pdp’s annual meeting brings together community and business leaders, residents, and employees to inspire conversation and action that supports a more resilient and vibrant downtown. learn more and read the report. state of downtown pittsburgh report the state of downtown pittsburgh snapshot reports are produced by the pdp to dive deeply into specific topical areas, giving meaning to data, statistics, and trends for use by the general public. a detailed resource for landowners, developers, investors, and community leaders to showcase the economic vitality of downtown pittsburgh, each report will focus on an important topical area. downtown pittsburgh made easy guide a must-have for your downtown travels: this convenient, pocket-sized guide provides you with information on walking, biking, public transportation, attractions, business destinations, and more. click here to download the pdf version for printing or bringing with you on your smartphone or tablet. contact us to request physical copies. * if you’re outside the golden triangle and are requesting more than 50 guides, please arrange to pick them up at our office. we can mail them to you, however, there will be a fee associated with the mailing. at the pdp, we make every effort to provide the most current data in our downtown guides. to report corrections, please call us at (412) 566-4190, or send corrections to pdp@downtownpittsburgh.com . share this page facebook twitter linkedin email contact us 412-566-4190 email us pittsburgh downtown partnership the bank tower 307 fourth avenue – floor 2 pittsburgh, pa 15222 share this page facebook twitter linkedin email things to do programs + activities downtown events calendar downtown business directory visit accommodations getting around parking public restrooms construction updates events live housing + residential directory downtown lifestyle residential resources services get involved membership employment opportunities volunteer in downtown become a sponsor vendor, performer & sponsor opportunities development activities meetings do business downtown activity dashboard downtown rent abatement program property opportunities retail + small business resources co-working + shared office developer resources project pop-up paris to pittsburgh development activity about our staff annual meeting + report business improvement district on-street services economic development mobility + transportation research + reports programs + activities publications + social media board of directors connect with us... © 2025  pittsburgh downtown partnership. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy