archive subscribe newsletters advertise | classifieds | jobs | e-trib high school sports network neighborhood news network sunday, march 9, 2025 western pennsylvania's trusted news source growth with a vision | triblive.com home local local front - - - - - pittsburgh allegheny westmoreland valley news dispatch regional neighborhood news network - - - - - bethel park carnegie chartiers valley fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north allegheny journal north hills norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader sewickley herald shaler south hills sports sports front - - - - - steelers/nfl penguins/nhl pirates/mlb - - - - - breakfast with benz mark madden - - - - - high schools - - - - - pitt penn state wvu duquesne robert morris district colleges - - - - - outdoors other local u.s./world sports podcast network news news front - - - - - heroes pennsylvania business u.s./world coronavirus health education instagram politics trib videos partner news all stories videocharts opinion opinion front - - - - - columnists editorials cartoons featured commentary letters to the editor send a letter a&e a&e front - - - - - tv talk with rob owen theater & arts movies & tv music books more a&e art & museums lifestyles lifestyles front - - - - - food & drink out & about more lifestyles home & garden fashion travel video - - - - - trib videos obituaries - - - - - all obituaries obituary stories pittsburgh tribune-review tribune-review valley news dispatch carnegie signal item fox chapel herald hampton journal monroeville times express murrysville star north journal norwin star penn hills progress penn-trafford star pine creek journal plum advance leader sewickley herald shaler journal south hills record western pennsylvania's trusted news source sunday, march 9, 2025 subscribe now newsletters advertise classifieds jobs e-trib high school sports network neighborhood news network about us get the trib sections terms of use news growth with a vision tribune-review saturday, oct. 27, 2012 8:54 p.m. | saturday, oct. 27, 2012 8:54 p.m. both architectural record and the aia gave special mention to the allegheny riverfront green boulevard “visioning” study by the local office of perkins eastman architects, a comprehensive look at development opportunities along more than six miles of pittsburgh waterfront, from the convention center to the city limits. this rendering shows how both transit pathways and riverfront park space might fit among existing and new buildings north of the 40th street bridge in lawrenceville. credit: perkins eastman architects the newly-opened center for sustainable landscapes at phipps conservatory is “arguably, one of the greenest buildings in the country” according to architectural record magazine. the building uses solar power, recycling and other techniques to dramatically reduce energy consumption. the design alliance, a downtown firm, planned it. sidney davis | tribune-review the new 33-story pnc headquarters under construction downtown will set new standards for both natural ventilation and the capture of solar energy for office towers. designed by gensler, a san francisco firm, it will require far less energy than other office towers and is part of why pittsburgh is emerging as one of the “greenest” cities in the u.s.. the gates center for computer science at carnegie mellon university rafael vinoly of new york is one of a handful of “star architects’ – or “starchitects” – who have drawn attention to themselves in recent years with radical designs for museums, concert halls and the like. he gave pittsburgh an exceptionally bright, airy and delightful design for the david l. lawrence convention center. architectural record noted that it has been called the 'largest green building' in the world. sidney davis | tribune-review the aia judges gave an honor award to what’s almost a building-in-miniature – the pnc “lantern building” on liberty avenue, which has a skin that lights up in different colors at night. it was designed by edge studio. the out-of-town judges for the aia awards competition selected the port authority’s new gateway center t-station for a “silver medal” -- the aia’s highest award and the first time in four year that this award has been given. a team of architects associated with edge studio in garfield and pfaffman & associates, downtown, were honored. keith hodan | tribune-review the fred rogers memorial on the north shore, was given an award of excellence by the local chapter of the american institute of architects for its creative re-use of an old bridge pier. local firm astorino designed it. sidney davis | tribune-review email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. p ittsburgh continues to gain bragging rights where planning and architecture are concerned. that was reinforced this month with two unrelated events. the first was a cover story in architectural record magazine's october issue that highlighted pittsburgh as a prime example of “new life for the american city” — the bootstrap reinvention of older cities that were once in economic decline. the second was the announcement of the annual awards of the pittsburgh chapter of the american institute of architects — an event that reminds us regularly that there is plenty of good architecture being created in pittsburgh and that we have local firms doing work that has impact internationally. the conjunction of these two events documents a real transformation that is occurring in pittsburgh. the city has not only been gaining population recently — reversing a long-term decline — but a recent study shows that we are attracting a larger population of well-educated young people at the same time. “younger” is at the root, by the way, of both the concept of “rejuvenation” and of the word itself. yes, it's true that similar transformations are going on elsewhere. architectural record also cited oklahoma city, where the oil and natural gas drilling boom is bringing a new urbanity. and it cited cleveland as beginning in recent years to follow the same path as pittsburgh — building on a similar legacy of great institutions in education, health care and culture. and yes, it has to be said that there's still too much questionable new development and mediocre new architecture going up in western pennsylvania today. so we shouldn't ever get smug. but we should be celebrating the positive, and these two events show us the way. both the aia and the magazine call attention to “green” buildings in pittsburgh — ones setting new standards for environmentally sound and energy-efficient structures. the magazine says pittsburgh is emerging as one of the greenest cities in the country. of its three articles about pittsburgh, one is about the new pnc headquarters being built downtown. senior editor joann gonchar, an expert on new building technologies, says it will be the tallest office building in the country to use natural ventilation, rather than being a hermetically sealed box, like office towers of the past. it was designed by gensler, an international firm based in san francisco. she did an additional article about the new center for sustainable landscapes at phipps conservatory calling it “arguably, one of the greenest buildings in the country.” this building was planned by the design alliance, a local firm. the aia also gave out several “green design citations.” one is especially notable. this is the redesign of the old south hills high school on mt. washington by the rothschild doyno collaborative, a perennially winning firm in local competitions. vacant for 20 years, the huge old school was converted into 106 units of housing for the elderly along with community and commercial spaces. it achieves unusually high energy efficiency for an existing building. architectural record and the aia gave high praise for imaginative redevelopment and planning along our revived riverfronts. lisa schroeder, the president of riverlife pittsburgh, won this year's special gold medal from the aia for her organization's work in promoting use of and access to the region's rivers. and architectural record cited her and her group's work prominently, as well. the aia gave a planning award to the local office of perkins eastman architects for its allegheny riverfront green boulevard “visioning” plan for the corridor stretching along the river from the david l. lawrence convention center through the strip district and lawrenceville. at the same time, architectural record cited and illustrated this study as one of the far-sighted planning efforts being made in the city. yet, amazingly, this highly praised study is the same one that the buncher co. has largely ignored in its plans — currently before city council — to redevelop 38 vacant acres along the riverfront adjacent to the strip. both architectural record and the aia provide near-litanies of quality buildings built or designed here in recent years. the magazine cites the gates and hillman centers for new technologies at carnegie mellon university, the david l. lawrence convention center, the bakery square redevelopment in the east end, and three pnc plaza, downtown, among others. and the aia gave a special silver medal — its highest architecture award, and one not given since 2008 — to the team of designers assembled by edge studio and pfaffman associates that designed the port authority's new gateway station for the t, and an honor award to pnc's “lantern building” on liberty avenue, also by edge studio. the aia also cited three different projects by the local office of bohlin cywinski jackson at colleges in massachusetts, new hampshire and california. giving the competition an international flavor, the aia also gave a planning award to urban design associates of pittsburgh for heading a team that won honors in russia for a plan for a new federal government center in moscow. entries in the local aia competition are judged by architects from out of town. this year's jury was from detroit. john conti is a former news reporter who has written extensively over the years about architecture, planning and historic-preservation issues. email newsletters triblive's daily and weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox. 1-800-909-8742 fax (724) 779-8743 210 wood street tarentum, pa 15084 © 2025 trib total media | all rights reserved about us about us advertise career opportunities contact advertising contact newsroom contact us feedback request correction resource center scholarship opportunities send letter to the editor send news tip subscribe subscriber services get the trib blog efeatures email newsletters etrib facebook home delivery instagram linkedin marketing minute store locations triblive app - app store triblive app - google play twitter sections arts & entertainment best of the best business directory circulars contests coronavirus lifestyles local news obituaries opinion our publications photos real estate sports video weather terms of use cookie settings privacy policy terms of service top