home - carnegie museums of pittsburgh become a member reserve tickets donate now plan your visit plan your visit things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us search site things to do shop our stores view our exhibitions explore our collections learn with us calendar plan a visit members become a member member events member benefits member faqs reciprocal privileges join & support membership support free teen membership community access memberships young professionals corporate giving planned giving great event spaces carnegie museums in oakland carnegie science center the andy warhol museum weddings at the museums contact us carnegie magazine topics art science & nature facetime q&a behind the scenes the inclusive museum community stem carnegie international where art & science meet current issue archive subscribe advertise contact us about us our history our museums our mission and core values our impact our leaders opportunities contact us jan. 18–june 1 gertrude abercrombie, <em>where or when (things past)</em>, (detail), 1948, collection of the madison museum of contemporary art, wisconsin, gift of the gertrude abercrombie trust gertrude abercrombie: the whole world is a mystery jan. 18–june 1 featuring loans from important institutional and private collections, this exhibition is the most comprehensive museum presentation of the works of gertrude abercrombie, a critical figure in the mid-20th-century chicago art scene from the 1930s until her death in 1977. ongoing winners of the 2024 inclusive call for art carnegie museums of pittsburgh, carnegie library of pittsburgh, the university of pittsburgh, 1hood media, and the august wilson african american cultural center again joined together to host the second iteration of envisioning a just pittsburgh, an inclusive call for art that encouraged artists throughout southwestern pennsylvania to share their visions for a just and equitable pittsburgh. we are proud to announce the first and second place winners in the competition’s six categories. through march 9 more than 80 ancient egyptian objects every egyptian object in the museum’s care has stories to tell, about its creation and original use, its journey to pittsburgh, and about the lives of those in ancient egypt. the stories we keep invites visitors to see these objects—cared for by the museum for more than a century—in a new light and to witness the work that will preserve them for future generations. ongoing sound series sound series features a broad range of artists and bands from around the world that blur genres of contemporary independent music. the music performances take place in the museum’s intimate theater or silver-walled entrance space. the sound series also reaches into the community, utilizing venues such as oakland’s carnegie music hall and carnegie lecture hall. through february black history month with carnegie museums year-round, carnegie museums of pittsburgh celebrates and preserves the rich culture and history of african american through a variety of exhibitions, artifact and archival collecting, educational programming, and public outreach. our museums carnegie museum of art carnegie museum of natural history carnegie science center the andy warhol museum carnegie magazine photo: joshua franzos the dinosaur that changed the world dippy continues to fascinate the public 125 years after it arrived at carnegie museum of natural history. 125 years: a history in objects a celebration of 125 years of carnegie museums through stories of 125 museum objects. a living archive a new gallery reinstallation at carnegie museum of art will give visitors unprecedented access to the charles ‘teenie’ harris archive. pop companions the warhol’s 30th anniversary exhibition kaws + warhol reveals there’s more to these two pop icons’ works than meets the eye. get the whole scoop check out all the latest stories from carnegie magazine and visit our archives. read more articles things to do super science saturday get up-close with dinosaurs, discover secrets of dna, and learn what it’s like to be a scientist in the field. explore our collections some 22 million scientific specimens and 40,000 art objects are the inspiration for our research, exhibits, and educational programs. miniature railroad & village® this beloved display features hundreds of wonderfully realistic scenes that bring the rich history of western pennsylvania to life. warhol studio sessions groove to intimate, stripped-down studio sessions by sound series artists. more things to do carnegie museum of art carnegie science center carnegie museum of natural history the andy warhol museum facebook instagram twitter linkedin things to do visit join & support event spaces about us carnegie magazine accessibility press opportunities connect with our museums social media, blogs, apps & more > ©2025 carnegie museums of pittsburgh privacy policy terms of use non-discrimination policy join donate